You know what I do is write for children , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , most in the United States .
And I always tell people I do n't want to seem like a scientist .
I can tell you as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell into you somewhere .
You just have to turn to the block to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in the 1960s , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When I was beaten up to bleed every week in the boys ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life by letting me enter the teachers ' room .
I did it in secret .
And for three years .
I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that master 's phone call , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned with adults that we never get to know .
You could get Ohio to Ohio , and please bring that guy that I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get it with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
And we found it a place , the <unk> , and the envelope , and we take care of her family , because necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , he turned into a burnt box and put it into my hands .
And what happened was that the circle was closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you was made in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I saved her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 'm talking about this today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first breath .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
And I 'm going to get the breath around by the water <unk> , almost 60 meters , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake on another <unk> snow after year .
The icebergs are born when they fall out of the glaciers or break the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others can not stand it more and get distracted by a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg that are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum melts a eardrum releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds a lot of forms of life .
I 'm starting to photograph myself to photograph these bucket as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way , and it will not exist again .
It 's not death when they melt ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of their way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the striking ice that I 'm photographing is a very young couple of years .
Another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's a little bit prevalent to see a rolling eardrum .
Here you have .
You can see the left one little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a eardrum of Greenland , the average size .
<unk> water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so <unk> , the iceberg shows a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby , a baby . Okay .
So two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want to be arrested too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception itself , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the Y chromosome joins the X X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the sperm X chromosome binds to the X X chromosome of the egg .
Both turn on , and it starts life .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of the anatomy .
I 'm an historian for training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- that , of human bodies and <unk> , how they looked like body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that they performance in my work is the activist in an activist , like <unk> patients , as I say sometimes , <unk> impatient that are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside one body .
I worked with people with <unk> ; people are much more low than the average .
And I 've been working with a lot of cases of people with classical sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit in the male and conventional schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> them take a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex in the world 's common or female forms .
So , for example , there 's the case of the individual <unk> based on the case , which is the <unk> gene of the chromosome and tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which is testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , testes make testosterone .
But given that this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does not react to the same .
It 's <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high testosterone levels , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops by a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a little girl . He 's raised as a child .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After testing you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testes and chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , like men , we have the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I think it will be a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , somebody like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old old boy born and raised as a male guy ; he had girlfriend , and with sex with her , he was wearing a life as a kid , and I had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes and the womb <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they were creating a male hormone .
As a result , the genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male .
He was born as a child ; no one suspicion .
And it was at 19 years when he started to have medical problems by internal menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are lots of varieties of sex .
The reason for children with these kinds of bodies -- <unk> , <unk> twins , or <unk> are being tested by <unk> , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're tested for several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is mostly based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; it was supposed to be black to say African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you presented us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture on the individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic performance concept .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born like two people inside one body .
The highest recent case is last year with the South African <unk> <unk> <unk> ; it 's put on the trial on the <unk> <unk> in the Berlin Games .
A lot of journalists called to ask me , `` What do you test are you going to do to determine whether if you 're <unk> , or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test .
In fact , now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or men and women and women and women and women , and we 're the ones we draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , more we have to admit that these categories were stable clinical categories that were focused on directly stable categories -- they 're much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in race terms , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology it allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the <unk> of them , just a few nucleotides ?
And as we thrive in science , we get more and more in an awkward zone that we have to recognize that simplistic categories that <unk> probably are too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to get a moment from which a body gets human , and it has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very low arguments today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> of it , when someone considered to be dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot of him , they put a pen in front of the nose , and if it was still not <unk> .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we need to address the dilemma of what someone 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe think that this explosion explosion could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I 'm asking people with unusual objects , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
And so these categories are much more fragile than we thought so much .
It 's <unk> from the concept of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of Parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , which I find every so much looking at that <unk> music and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1961 with fathers .
The Founding Fathers were , to me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd reject was a concept of thumb and <unk> it with another which was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And as everybody remembers , what would reject our Founding Fathers was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs in the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that it was being able to be political power from the blood right from grandfather to the father and then to the son , etc .
The Fathers of all rejected that idea and replacing it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They would take a game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not differences . That was very radical .
And part of it were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was happening democracy and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations , and therefore would reject the concept of supernatural power passed through a very vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a concept concept .
And if you look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence and talk about nature and the god of nature .
Do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid down the foundation of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it that way , but they did it , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , of color people who are going to be tempted to anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish to the same rights than a human .
I do n't want to say that we had <unk> to the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that at five years they were allowed to have sex or to get married .
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense , and I think we should keep them .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two selves to the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both biased in 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born on the middle of March , the March March .
For the only fact that I was born three months earlier that Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- right to the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because I have a different biological age , but because he was born after .
We find other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered a man , if I do n't tell you if it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered , <unk> , the compulsory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects of problems and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went on so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes , I feel like science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman has to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test people 's test .
But this is also very strange because the story I told you at the beginning of the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
If you look at one of the founders of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I Have '' speech , offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based not in the color of your skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea is very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to do this in order to make rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of the <unk> that I know can make more educated , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships than I know about .
So how do you put the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to lead this current current of thinking in relation to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll make good work in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels being attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless it 's willing to have a sex change in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd done <unk> twins and then pick them apart , and they grow their fame .
But when the phone asked her , he was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered the political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are without trying to change the state of the state .
So I think we have to be in your head .
Well , I mean , I mean I 've been talking a lot about dads .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it could have been , if we 'd been given more to the Mothers of the Mothers .
And I mean something a little bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical typologies , particularly if there are people thinking about them .
Since years ago , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to deal with those who are <unk> into the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in my feminism , I considered a feminist thought , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what feminism is . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with undo the gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female support in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more I 've ever thought about this question , more than a woman in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , there 's more Mothers to this concept , maybe we have enriched the concept of protection with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we have democracy beyond the anatomy -- to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , to think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a perfect joint , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks about where they want to go to live and work , they have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , at this point , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't count a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth much more than the cost of construction .
So we could easily run around the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just took away by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments , they 're already owners and that in the other half , they 're still missing to do it .
You could try to increase the capacity by making <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that we 're going to do is that those buildings and the areas surrounding them have rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions in the building .
So it would be very hard to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , we 're building the construction instead of putting it outside .
So , I proposed that governments were developing new zones of reform , to contain cities , and I gave them a name , <unk> cities .
Later , I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras ' summer went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> would be imposed by a platform where I promised the reforms and the same reconciliation time .
He asked him to get his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the very charter of their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and respond to all the current residents of the apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but you need so much of technologies like norms to progress , and usually it 's the rules that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent a link to a link to the TEDTalk .
I showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice , land that , in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract argument , and at some point when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk . ''
And the talk was describing in a very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that we 're going on there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this might be the path to our country forward .
He asked me to go back and talk about new four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image of this , which had a picture that was going to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
This airport only cover over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that 's about measuring it at least <unk> kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
The whole world <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came up to the platform , and he said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk .
I have here on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the gist , that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders would need help of countries associated with , they could benefit from countries associated with them that help them establish and make the charter norms , so that they could all be trusted that the charter actually will be completed .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could be a few thousand square kilometers .
And soon after the 19th of January , the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special special regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in the favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> .
All the parties , all the factions in the society , got it together .
For <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17 , it was approved again in the other vote , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the vote , of 21 , in February , a <unk> delegation was to the two places in the world that are most interested in engaging in the building of cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city downtown , building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come , and then it would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow the Supreme Court to be the court of the ultimate court system .
There 's urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that they 've been solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place of free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change another place .
There 's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job ; sometimes they 're mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do we build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What would you think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what there is , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish on my blog , colorful , colorful and different ones for each time .
But I did n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is <unk> from <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to know people <unk> , and usually my money is going to be a good cause ; my money is unique , and buying it into my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Would you like the color ?
cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Going back to me , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does it bring to someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven interior pairs , and nothing else .
<unk> inside for exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after we got here to Palm Springs .
And since I do n't know how the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the collections for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You pretty much can see you have just seen it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the set , including the jacket , it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost physiologically hopeless , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : <unk> is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , they 're not just going to understand you , you 're also getting rid of it .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you carry inside .
Sometimes people tell me it seems to be a game to the costumes , or I remind them of your little seven years .
I like to say to you and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good with something , it 's almost safe you 're .
And if you think you do n't see you right with something , it 's probably also true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 , I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , there 's no stare that you ca n't get .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : <unk> <unk> are going with everything .
And finally , Saturday : <unk> a personal personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I tried it over and over again when people came up to me this week , just what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is n't going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything out .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to leave behind certain things .
I do n't need to emotionally <unk> these things , because back in the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful suit , and if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody that is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where does your brain do on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think that for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a big fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they 're very exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty much logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We can play with them and then we see how we react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
You can have this intuition that you may have developed with the years of the years that it says one thing can be just in one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and I did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet the playing game with that parking bag taught a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things will not allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you are a physicist of particles .
It would be a terrible model for particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , it was a few years ago , you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logic .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right at the center .
And then here we do a good good approach to little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little little bit of metal , with a springboard and <unk> on a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a form of swimming <unk> that is underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be in an quantum overlap , but for that it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator , I do all sorts of rare things , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother them , or actually , freaked out .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> <unk> of objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on to the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We took the lights up , then we introduced a Hoover and we pulled all the air down , and then cool it down to a less than one degree in less than zero degree .
Now , when I 'm only on the elevator , little piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measured their movements .
We found that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying still , it was vibrating . And the way that I 'm going to do was like a breath in this form -- like a velociraptor that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving him a soft smooth , we were able to make it <unk> , and that does n't move at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is a really fantastic thing .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't do at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain <unk> when they align .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all of the metal metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that little piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal piece and you .
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that he talks about .
So imagine if you were in a number of places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned on the lights and we looked inside the box , we saw that metal was following in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just sticking out in a small space .
You hear a lot about a lot about that quantum mechanics says that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define you who are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another work at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss , which allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining to this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> of a great education -- I did n't get confused , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and works of art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Now , better than show the demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from the launch .
So , just like , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's a gallery gallery , the MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the art of New York City .
There 's two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click on , and <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You 're moving around and fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened the bottom up , and with one click , we jumped into it .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
Go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's the whole metadata data .
For those of you who are truly interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there 's a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in around very simple .
You see , fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go down .
So I started playing , and I found myself with something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked a little bit , talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is a <unk> <unk> with a stick on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even further deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull out the image , so you 'll really see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump into the MoMA in New York .
Here 's another favorite of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It 's going up and it really gets it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to cracks .
This is `` The night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show up .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , no matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it -- I 've created this function that I call `` <unk> power , '' -- we just cheated around .
It 's the ambassadors at the National Portrait Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think that to me , the main thing is that all the amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , even come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium do justice to their artwork , and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to replicate the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon all .
I have something to show you .
So think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy growing up with this picture of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something really interesting on careers for Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a career for Formula 1 , take a budget and you 'll get it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you won the race .
This is what , in engineering , the real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to get into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
You 're going back into the outdoors .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and detected .
<unk> cities is big .
As a matter of course I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond cities , all these detections , and they 're getting into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of sexiness <unk> for the last year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` How uncle '' .
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way , it 's sort of like almost all the existing atoms were turned sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo stepped out the Moses , he said that at the end of the end , I took the hammer -- -- actually , you can still see a little <unk> <unk> , and he said screaming , `` Are you going to have lost China ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples , <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they play Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , he won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity happens in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the skyline in the middle and the <unk> river .
It 's the morning before the game .
The time line is at the top .
In the early afternoon , there are people over here , making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> of Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
The first extra time -- second .
<unk> , and at a moment , <unk> .
She Italy , yeah !
That night they all went to celebrate it .
You see the big peak .
The next day , everybody went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just one example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have to do just a few years ago .
Another rapid example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the source of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things are going .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage on its displacement system .
We started with a little volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are <unk> .
And then we put a little chip , a tag , to the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results that you 've got .
From Seattle .
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening hard things , and there 's lots of unnecessary transportation happening .
But the other thing that we think , if we look at every day that the cup that we release does n't go away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day is still there .
So if we show that to people , then we can actually promote some change change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection , and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , who came up and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and close .
It 's believed like a water curtain , with a pixels of water .
If you run the pixels on them , you can show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked a lot .
And we got a commission to design the building to the courthouse .
We call it the Digital Water Water .
The entire building is made of water .
There are no doors or windows , but when you 're approaching it , it opens up so you can go .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , it goes down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears , like in this case .
There will always be somebody , in the winter , when the ceiling goes down , someone who was there and he said , `` Let 's get the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears .
Here 's how it is working .
You see people <unk> what happens inside .
And here I 'm myself trying not to get wet by testing the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
I was no longer a building that would open up to let you go , but a building that was still doing cuts and water holes and you had to jump to not getting wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was really interesting , because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think of the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have small helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
But in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixels of the pixels in 3D , where you can come up and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form an V , like before .
When light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with a input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers in today , the star of New York City and La Scala in <unk> to capture its 3D movements and use them as input to <unk> .
Here we can see dances .
On the left , you see the pixels , capture it in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture .
It can do all the movement .
You can go through all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with the color and the movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as possible input to <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a barn farm as a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could do all of them <unk> a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to move from digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they 're missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but there 's no missing pixels .
You can move through , have different experiences .
You can see from below , it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways , it will be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and confident themselves ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's of those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you like to do ?
What would you like , if they could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . It was probably because of the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many are the memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a theme issue here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a doctor 's look at the subject .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , who also <unk> in the <unk> Church , wrote an essay titled `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for Evolution of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution , consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right , is , of course , the most interested .
<unk> of a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There 's been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone back and back .
We 've been here for a couple of years .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in most of the basic <unk> of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin ; it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable from the pancreas that comes out of the pancreas .
And by talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the gut , the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio does it with the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort on their part .
It 's really like a quick move to bacteria with the occasional occasional hurry to the output .
But , for others , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what is the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or should it become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one and only <unk> , and human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed .
When I first went to college I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : mostly of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell simply divide , and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters cells .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at the time , but every year that was happening , every time I had more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who still perform in Las Vegas in the age of 90 .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a wonderful dancer of clothes .
He looks at him and he says , `` I came to search for a <unk> soup .
`` All right , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , I was working for a different goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just something else .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to get healthy .
I wanted to bring health into the disease .
I wanted them to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is going to pass the genome into the next generation , adapting and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as large-scale rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next level the future level the next level , and then we allow ourselves to fall into the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that he put Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to get immortality through my work .
I want to achieve it dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily kill the biggest or stronger or faster , and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that they 're going to produce , if there were fish there , <unk> <unk> , but they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we 're going to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase ? I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that they did n't go .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and beyond the population .
And second , as a species , we set up our environment so that it could be adapted to us as we adapt to him .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're going to make ourselves so much that it 's no longer possible to have the wisdom that evolution was happening .
A second possibility is that there 's a traditional , normal , natural type dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And as soon as to insulation : when as a kind of <unk> planets are going to exist , and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
So I call this <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but by order and selected for us as individuals that we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First , consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what we choose at the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in their body own body will make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could do genetic changes to remove diabetes or disease or reduce cancer risk or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to do those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future , that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near $ 20,000 and a week .
Not a lot of course , so that the human genome is actually made the human genome for $ 1,000 and more at the grasp of all .
These changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to bear immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine that 's going on to influenza cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be more and more possible .
Imagine that only other little changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if they could change the cells from their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminating <unk> , reducing the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases will also allow to adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why not have the ingenuity of an Ken Jennings on everything if you could get it to the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why not have a faster <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and further ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of doing this to the next generation , and we can embrace the attributes that we want we to have become the evolution of before <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it down to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these choices to lead a better , more successful society ?
Or are we going to pick different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more or more robust and more versatile ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And most importantly , are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom you need to make these decisions ?
For good or for evil , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a huge bang when you 're at 900 feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about flight assistants .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> on the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
It 's <unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and without noise .
And then he said three words .
You know , three more words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I came up with a sentence , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person 's there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to tell you anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while <unk> the bridge George Washington , which was n't very much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also turn to my ego .
And I 'm sorry about the time I wasted in things that really matter to people I do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break out in 20 pieces like you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been able to get it to that all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness would be embedded in a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of art talent -- still . And I scream , I cry , I cry , like a little bit .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For everything , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I gave myself a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave up another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge you 're flying around with your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What do you do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents that you can ?
Thank you .
I have clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool one I worked was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day one day came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm just sorry on my legs . ''
And that was the ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Your job was influenced by me .
I have a design firm and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided we were going to hold it to Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went and met her brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and that he is able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , is n't you to have seen Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're an important person and you have a very good sure , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Anyone to see the film `` The scuba and butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- they 're inserted with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check and instead signed a check that I did n't have the least idea of how he was going to cover .
I committed to her brother and her father right there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to go back to do his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it ca n't communicate it . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , which have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , draw on that and record space space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with sex organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start doing art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of moving things on one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we got a machine so that you could <unk> , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's more fun ; I call it <unk> , because I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world to go from every single corner of the <unk> in our home .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved into the garage and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid , and that when they were going to have taken off the walls and instead would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went on to the coast of Venice , my son was part , my dog 's dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the shipping in Venice , and some copper wire thing and <unk> things from Home Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it into an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it 's built yourself ; we published the coding code , the software is low for free .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only your eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you so much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we come back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the large opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense every night , Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside hospital .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we felt like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said to us , `` This was the first time I was just drawing in seven years .
I felt like I had been underwater and someone finally came to <unk> , and I 'll get off there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> Blank .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how better and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The awards were , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the most 50 inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up the <unk> is that in April of this year , in April of this year in the clinic of Los Angeles , in the center of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> , nothing was possible at a certain time .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , and I just recognized something and I would get involved with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want us to do every day when we find something that we 're feeling like to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who 's ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in which they 're usually very difficult , and at the same time a both dangerous time .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal , dangerous mine .
It 's on the zones of war , hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days to just eat this -- much fun at first , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been focusing on a lot of my career in horrible situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and lucky ones , analyzing them in a way that looked like viewed and accessible to the audience .
So when I learned that I would come up here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So , some of you may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took an ad on <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I was doing was the following : `` <unk> <unk> <unk> : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and content could be embedded in the face , especially if I put it ridiculous to you or your company .
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of it .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you with certainty .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be able to do it , anything that was so difficult or so dangerous how to enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film is funded by <unk> , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to be called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold , '' is that all of the top at the bottom , at the end , has a brand footage , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center ...
These people were going to go to the film going on forever .
And so the film is exploring all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : <unk> . ) That 's what ? ( MK : <unk> . ) A ?
I 'm an overlap . ( MK : I 'm just telling you .
It was `` Laughing '' forever .
But we 're not just going to have a brand sponsor of your brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure it 's going to make sure that it was <unk> all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you 've ever used ...
The most cool car you 've driven in `` The biggest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you 've heard from `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , then besides showing you the marks like part of life , making them the film ? ( MS : To make it <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is the transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , in principle at the end .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the maximum respect for the audience .
Guy : I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if , `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it does that ? ( MS : No idea .
MS : A million and a half million : All right -- John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it certainly is worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out of us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be hard to sell it , the film or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... it means you 're not very optimistic .
So , they help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what marks .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge .
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought `` turn the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one for one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of all wanted to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , making so many people look at it as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media , is n't the idea to have that new vehicle worth of attention that 's going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> mistake , and that mistake was this one .
Actually no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for images of <unk> Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your setting , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : the transparency -- free of simulation or deception , easily detected or seen ; that 's very easily understandable , which is characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , President <unk> , including the name of the name .
But all of a sudden , when it comes to making it reality , something really changes .
But why ? Well , transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- as this weird , rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's going to be a whole solid bowl .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and to tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell the story . ''
We want you to tell a story , but tell them <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the story .
But with just a company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to remove the proxy and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to warn you all of a sudden -- and I started to warn you , is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giants and others make small movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies , giant , say the reason why their movies are so successful is due to the marks associated with .
And then my friends make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant movies of Hollywood ? ''
And the film is called `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically aboard in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the Ki-moon deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
You 're ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you go through .
Maybe you should be a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there would be one of these great cool ones .
both `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` Paradise of paradise '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have as much as a woman for women , solid , to <unk> , on bar , in bar .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give them a <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the smallest kind of films that you 've made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that you have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind people value is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe anywhere ?
Ban is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you can put in <unk> .
Man : We 're talking about bold , cool .
I think `` fresh '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat <unk> and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep you cool more time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those of the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , to people like me , to the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , <unk> punk at least that it 's two .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : It 's unique . ( MS : One -- '' I guess , I guess the kind of gender , the style I have to be like a dark flip .
I like a lot of the dark colors , lots of gray and things like that .
They 're usually wearing the sunglasses like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand like a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , in part of <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
It 's <unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver your commodities .
Man 5 : The <unk> Nation .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be able to be brand Tom , but I often get stuck in the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality .
And I found a company called 2002 <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they could do it for them , they could certainly do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
One : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world you live in -- like people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case come from in my family , West Virginia .
So , what 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A question : Tell me the `` why '' -- why do we do that ?
What is the machete ? What phase is you now ?
Why is it important ? What does the red represent ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more than you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of rollercoaster is you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
Narrator : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of crazy things .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality -- brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They get very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are just going to be embedded in one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend -- and it 's nature to avoid the things that are not secure ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually engage them and make you get something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here by Target , there 's the Wii of tilapia <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious marks , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What is your brand ?
If someone asks you to hold your identity identity , your brand personality , what would you be ?
Are you a lower attribute ? Are you somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you more good at the descending attribute ?
slightly quieter , reserved , conservative ?
The ascending attributes are like playful being cool like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , courageous or bold as <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , magic or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more to attribute descending ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protective ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , reliable , sure , sacred , contemplative or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 and ascending and descendants , who said no , they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how this MRI is now used to identify the centers of desire centers in the brain both for commercial marketing as a movie .
We went to San Paulo where it 's banned air advertising .
In all the city over the last five years there 's no posters , there 's no posters , there 's nothing whatsoever .
And we went to school districts where businesses are becoming a way in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I 've had the biggest answer or the ones that I 've been trying to do is the ones that I interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly to the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that 's going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions of the media to this film .
This covers only about two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still not <unk> .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun winning .
And it 's not bad because almost every agencies that we speak to their customers are not part of their customers .
I 've always believed that if you risk themselves , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get to the people that are pushing the failure to fail .
I think when you train their employees at risk aversion , they 're preparing your company to lack rewards .
I feel that what 's going to happen to happen is that we have to encourage people to take risk .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can make .
Ultimately , let 's go forward , I think we need to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
You 're going to get the fear . Let 's take the risk .
From one point at the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
More than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk <unk> the Transparency Transparency has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for the previous name they bought their name on <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies all over the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency Transparency .
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with these dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check for the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation Foundation , a check for a few hundred to be applied to my TED Talk for the next year .
The idea behind the online worm were actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we managed to put a cash cash virus on a laptop used by an engineer , to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the behind you .
We started with Windows Windows .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
So I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started to investigate past six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows : <unk> used multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us the attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what happened with this .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a rat rat that does n't like our cheese : it wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
I had no sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is an scheduled attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box , if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that 's my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than we were going to get the goal soon .
And so we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed with people who obviously had all the internal information .
You 'll get all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much they fit the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the burden is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like old language .
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning was called functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and tried to <unk> them with the real world , with potential goals of the world .
We need theories of recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories of goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , has to be a valuable white white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections have been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them , and I went back to an effort to <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate with the little digital <unk> with rotor it .
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they can certainly <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in a obvious way to get back to the maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We try to figure out the big digital <unk> looking close to data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows in that code , you ca n't get it .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> , and found that they 're very structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called the stages .
And guess what 's in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had with the hands .
So there 's no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been achieved by several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> in dead ends , and we had to go back .
So , we found that both digital warheads would say to one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall and turning the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating the valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other goals that other goals are going to be served by Stuxnet .
I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is <unk> the input values of the sensors for example , from the pressure sensors and they provide legitimate code , which still runs during the attack , with false input data .
And believe it or not , this false entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's kind of like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera is feeding video <unk> .
Is it cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the fourth of control .
It 's actually much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the large steam turbine goes on , you 've got to open the exhaust tubes in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can go bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And the <unk> and the security system will notice .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to see , specifically , with uranium and <unk> .
It could work as well , for example , in a energy plant , or in a car factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
Let 's make it as possible .
And if you made that , with what we 're going to do with what we 're going to do with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and better we 're going to get to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , you 've been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main thing behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , in another way , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can lead to you and give you some <unk> skills , or another to make users of the wheels , and they get back up and go back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're nothing different than something that goes in the morning , gives you a great force , which also increase its speed , and help them , for example , manage the balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other views .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a <unk> load , and it 's kept fighting more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
So we decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue .
Let me introduce you to <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> I can carry 90 pounds on variables over variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get a lot of crawling and execute movements .
I mean what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then my strength increases and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
That 's a reality .
Let 's go back to users of the wheelchair , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talked about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the spinal cord that when you start their life -- 20 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be your only choice .
We also talk about the population that 's older than just multiply .
Their only option , many times -- a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that it 's using Amanda <unk> who had a lesion in the spinal cord , and as a result , he could n't go back for me for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
It 's completely <unk> on crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
Also , there 's some batteries that give the motors into the motors , and on the knees , and they make it go forward with this very , very natural , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural walking , very natural
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing down it was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and all the motion of the pelvis .
So long after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never get to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
That 's how I stole the last hint of hope for my self .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn to <unk> it in <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on a bike bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the <unk> chairs , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of wild bonobos in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , that lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known by their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've made very much emphasis on this in our narratives in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by large , frightening guys , the society Bonobo is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity of an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo .
The meat of hunting and deforestation make that you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden out of the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as apes `` make love , no war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity 's problems because the Bonobo lives is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , and for them to play it is fundamental to establish ties and to encourage tolerance .
With him learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with diversity generation -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you see the game Bonobo , you see the same evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos pulled from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> ball game ; I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` He 's got it in the balls . ''
Just I think in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common both in bonobos than humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like <unk> , and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But play is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of which are <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water that is playing .
I think , like she , sometimes we play alone , and we explored the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But let 's get it to the most of our business capacity ?
The game is not <unk> .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When you look at the same thing to play , they can be the moments that be most urgent .
That 's why , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as we 're trying to make creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires like captain 's assistant in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where the volunteers were growing up a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire of very soon the fire very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer who had just gotten to me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain and he asked her to go back and save the dog 's dog owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> !
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who walked into a building in flames to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to be among the house .
I need to go up , throw it out fire , and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went on the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> firemen , and at that height , they had finished off the fire , and he entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We got out of the house for the treasures of the house where , as I was waiting , her treasure got a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from her home owner by the brave effort to save her house .
The kindness that she looked at about everything else was that somebody had ever reached a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , like my calling as a volunteer fireman is an acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look in this room to people who have achieved , or they 're going to be done , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you of this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , let 's go back .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day , we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So they 're trained in play ; I 'll take my shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of a concrete block .
The first blocks of concrete are built in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules in a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , they got this thing .
He was called the brick brick brick .
And in a few years , private bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that have made over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
She made it accessible .
So she just adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would lead us from an aesthetic brick world stacked about each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the block block , the transistor allows much to create much bigger circuits and more complex , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just experts .
I do n't personally accept that , that building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they bring together through magnets .
So you ca n't get it wrong .
<unk> have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the pink is the input , and the orange is the wire .
So you just have to assemble one blue with green with green , and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits .
One blue with a green one produces light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have a regulator <unk> .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light light .
We added this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make blink faster or slower , it just turns out this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to set up together to use .
Enlightenment , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to get them to play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
So , for example , how a light bulb works , or why the door of an elevator lift gets open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without some electronic experience begin to play with <unk> like a material .
You can see here , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago we took the designers at the Rhode Island School of Design , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust that 's made of the dark 's fear .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at the grasp of all .
That 's why we have open source .
You can visit the website , you can download all the archives of design and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of maker , inventors and collaborators , because this world where we live , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to tell you about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for to engage the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit of charge .
We can -- we can continue to leave the video next to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology is ...
Oh , so I 'm going to say time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work on the government .
The initiative was called `` <unk> for America , '' and they would be like a few more Peace <unk> .
It took some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world .
They made great applications ; they worked with the city employees .
Their task is to show the possibility of the technology today .
I meet Al .
This is a fire hydrant in Boston .
So here comes as if I would look for a date , but what it 's really looking for is someone 's going to be caught by the snow , because he knows it 's not very good to put fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it get to ask help of this such unique way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and that 's a lot of time that 's last year .
They realized that the city has never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens cleaned up with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he made a good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application in which you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning clean when it snows .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case , put it on .
If you do n't do it , somebody can <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe it 's the smallest applications of the 21 or the last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government achieved .
It spreads on viral form .
A system responsible for the city in Honolulu to see this app realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to embrace the tsunami .
It 's very important to work these <unk> of tsunami , but people steals the batteries .
That 's why he asks citizens to control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to try to make citizens <unk> blindfolded .
And Chicago just throw it out to make people go on to clean sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And it 's spread out of <unk> , in organic and natural , natural form .
If you know a little government technology , you know that this does n't usually happen .
The software acquisition generally takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then we were told that they had done for normal channels , would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the court power of California that the time has cost 2,000 million dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an application that has been program in a couple of days and spreads on a viral form , is a kind of warning shooting at the institution of the government .
It suggests to the government better ways to work , not like a lot of people think it should be .
Nor as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without constraints , in an open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the issue of the government that has the new generation ; it 's not as a problem of an environmental institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration , but you do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost .
And that is that if we stop the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> , and all those other things that they 're putting us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to <unk> it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does n't change .
And because the government in the last will come out of us -- remember that from `` Oh , the people , '' the way to think about it , it will affect the way to produce change .
I did n't know a lot about government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the phone of services from services and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls if you mark it in the U.S .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the gates of the house , get music good and see if it goes ? ''
And it worked . So , Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't get that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York City Hall from Boston .
And one day , this really happened , it 's going to come up with this question : `` I 'm <unk> in my bucket . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that for you ? ''
The dynamic <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking about person .
In <unk> <unk> , '' so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached the place , I found the cube of garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube back . I went home .
Good evening , sweet night . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the definition of platform of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected to two people .
And it could have connected with government services to be needed , but neighbor is a better and cheaper alternative than government services .
When a neighbor helps another , let 's get the communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the entrance to the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that government reflects our values and <unk> our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like an immense ocean , and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what keeps that that that 's that we 've funded as something that 's operating in our against , that other thing , and in the consequence we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the real government work occurs .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That does the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who are concerned that they have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been distracted by government , it 's time we 're asking for what world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't get rid of government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the root function , so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act on it , you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members are 28 years old , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; they 're all going to talk .
You can express their opinions at any channel at any time , and they do it .
So when the government 's problem with the government does n't care a lot to do hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They bring hands into the work to program applications that make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a fire hydrant , taking out weeds and dumping a cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we were always able to have cleaned up those fire hydrants and a lot of people .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we are not only consumers , we are not only government consumers we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't do citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row .
I 've spent most of my life in marginalized communities , in projects , where there 's lots of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are saying here has impact around the world .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here we have seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can get much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned that from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of African-American family by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in all of discussion in the family .
She spent a lot of <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840 .
She was born over the 1880 and his experience with slavery faced the way the world sees .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was small , I looked at her , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I became so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I dropped off .
One or two hours later , I came back to look at it , and I was going to say , `` Do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he told me that no , I 'd come back again , and if I said yes , I would let him go in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to her .
The only problem is that he had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and her attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , went to the room and there were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stares at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` Come on . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now , <unk> you wo n't do . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
And then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I will . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right even though the right thing is . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I will . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , so it will . ''
I grew up in the field , in southern rural , and I have a bigger brother and a sister for a lower year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a package of six beers , I do n't know where he got it , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We just got to do all the crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no . You 're fine . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today 's going to be <unk> . And you 're always doing the same thing as we do .
I 've done something , your sister . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
He said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
So , I was turning off the road , and he went , `` Oh , not you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tell all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
It will be widely spread .
But I have 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be an virtue ; I say it by the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who do n't really see it .
We ca n't get you to do things that they do n't believe to do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban .
My uncles died of <unk> diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we should engage .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
It was 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of every three black black people are in jail or probation .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all women 's young women are in jail or probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that 's a lot better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
It 's interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work some really curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're going to give you for a criminal sentence if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before the law of the law to vote .
We have this awesome silence .
I represent children .
A lot of my customers are very young .
America is the only country in the world where he was at 13 years to die in prison .
We have this country in jail for children , without possibility of coming out .
Now we 're in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people at the row row .
This is interesting about death penalty .
Well , in a sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about how we 're in identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes crimes , but , if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
In every nine , executed people , he has identified one that 's innocent who is <unk> and liberated from death row .
One rate of error , amazing , an innocent one .
This is interesting .
At aviation , we could never afford to fly airplanes , if every nine to take away , one would be crashing .
But somehow we fled the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , and for the Second World War .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a little defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who come to me and tell me , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , speeches -- <unk> people who stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of separation of race and separation .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what historically we 've done .
The whole time <unk> each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races , I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome apartheid without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know that 's good worrying to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
You 'll never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way for our story , we can never get to the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately put us to run people . ''
<unk> on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would do it to people , especially if they were in most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you do n't really care about these things that are difficult , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
It 's fascinated by technology . We will change creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are embedded by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both things .
We talked about the need for more hope , greater engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , which will never come to TED .
Think about them , in a way , something that 's inside our self .
We have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
The innovation , with creativity : development is not just brain ideas .
These things come from enrichment ideas as well as the convictions of the heart .
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us look not just in the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard .
There was the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , guidance to the spirit , a will to be in places of hopelessness and being witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation to the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to truly be human , if we do n't really pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the 16th lady . We 're going to get together to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes lady . I do n't want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going , and I just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And one occasion was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that this idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We try to deal with prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave her all my best speech , and he looked at me and said , `` Hmm hello . ''
And he added , `` We 're exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Ms. <unk> leaned down , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We have to find a way to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been polite to simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a thief .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a killer .
This is why I think there 's basic dignity in people who should be avoided by law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , even though it 's very dramatic , very <unk> , very exhilarating , very stimulating , we do n't judge our technology , for our designs , not for our intellectual and rational capacity .
By the end you judge the character of a society , not in the way they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but in the way they treat poor people , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my experiences in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of the toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can the judge turn someone in what it 's not ?
The judge 's <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something that you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something of that .
As it was late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old client , a small , black , black .
I started working on <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> so that my three-year-old black client is treated as a privileged privilege of 75 years old , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I 've put improper behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking about that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , it was n't just <unk> , it was sent to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I was truly overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and drudgery .
And finally , I went down from the car , walked to the court .
I was going up the stairs when I found a bigger black man ; it was <unk> from court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` Is it a lawyer ? '' I told you yes .
Then I approached myself and hugged me .
And I whispered in the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected to my inside , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience of audiences .
At the judge , the judge saw me .
He said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. I was . '' And we started discussing .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy things .
They got the cops the fiscal prosecutors , prospects .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . Everyone 's wrong because we were talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I got to see the <unk> that I was going .
I would look through the window and try to hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost on the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge aired a break .
During the break a sheriff 's assistant showed it because the <unk> had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black man .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went to this audience of audiences to tell this young man that keeps her sight in the target of <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED , because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds into justice .
That we ca n't truly be human <unk> if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity should be attributed to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of us here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the target hand .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see a obvious desire in the audience , from this community , to help your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to get the funding that they spend in political policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row in the next five years . One billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of murder cases not <unk> at arrests .
56 percent of rape do n't come to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that the funding will come to the law enforcement , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration .
What would you say is that ?
BS : Actually , crime rate has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes of violence .
It 's the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life life , to steal a bicycle , by little crimes against property , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited about today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for coming to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : <unk> the threats for Bin Laden .
Announcer 2 : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer 3 : The police throw gas gas .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> . Announcer : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : <unk> : Social <unk> : 65 dead .
Announcer : <unk> of tsunami . Announcer : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War War . mutually massive .
Recession . <unk> . In the end . Egypt . Syria .
Death . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the press media prefer to do negative news , because our minds will pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of our senses , our senses are getting a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us to survive , the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
So from a <unk> of stories , I would look at the negative .
That old saying , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us a negative news of the seven days a week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong .
But maybe not .
Maybe , instead , what 's really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water scarcity , energy ; we have no question .
As human beings , we 're very good at bringing problems , and at the long time , we just ended up with them .
Let 's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , the cost of transportation and transportation , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we 're living the most peaceful time of humanity 's history .
And Charles kidding that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
Many people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today , most of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
<unk> <unk> from the rubber century , the <unk> of the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's very much about this technology , and lately , exponential growth .
My good friend 's Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> the information technology on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of price within about 12 to 24 months .
So the mobile phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that 's -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in the recession , in the rise .
It 's the output of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law to the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , it 's called Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing , and their ability to democratize personalized production all over the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine and A.I . .
I mean , how many people see victory on `` Jeopardy '' `` Jeopardy '' ?
It was epic .
I sought out in the newspapers at the best headline .
And I loved this one , `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy is not an easy game .
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for all in the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new college called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they be used to solve the big challenges of humanity .
And every year , we asked them to release a company , or a service or service that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would have absurd <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already been done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of the possible .
It 's about taking that which is scarce and making it abundant .
You see , the scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story about Napoleon III <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops eat covered with silver covered , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate it in aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth more than the gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of Washington Washington is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is <unk> percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up with <unk> and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's get this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet , bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to Earth 16 <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity . It 's about access .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than that generated by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that the end of the decade , in the U.S. parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents the hour compared to the 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have water abundance .
Let 's talk about water wars .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out that Voyager spacecraft pointed out the Voyager Earth , in 1990 , after that Saturn happened ?
And we picked up a famous picture . How did he call it ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent by water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It 's the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- his technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any saltwater , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola just thought I 'll make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I 'm full trust that it 's going to be , Coca-Cola will implement the world in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an disruptive innovation of this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phone penetration in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that mighty warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan , 25 years ago .
And with a smart phone with Google , you have access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 's 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid up dozens and hundreds of thousands of thousands of dollars <unk> , armed video , libraries of books and music , libraries of books , <unk> technology , <unk> now and lost market value with cell phones .
Maybe the best thing comes to it when you show up health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because you have an AI , you can coughing , you can get blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the breast burden is 25 percent , and there 's 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that does n't delay , I 'll call the health agency and , first of all , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just spent the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , I 'll spend two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds before you add to the global conversation .
What are these people going to want ?
What should n't you have ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we 'll have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And let 's take care of more health , because of a better education with the Khan Academy with the Khan Academy with the Khan Academy of 3D and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide 3,000 billion members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive ?
What about a few voices never heard before ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever you are , a voice to be heard and can act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What about the contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that before you could only do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end with sharing a story that really excites me .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a supercomputers .
They 've played with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and began to play it .
And it 's been shown that today the machinery of human patterns today is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power to take on the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion different minds that we 're going to be asked to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few decades ago .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
You might think they were out of finches , but it was n't .
They actually add fish .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught it a lot until the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
Second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , of the mangroves .
There were <unk> from about 20 centimeters , <unk> of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia tilapia was very abundant and spent a good time , so he was made more than the average in Ghana .
When I was 27 years later , the amount of fish had fallen down to half .
It 's about five centimeters .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
It 's nothing to change , but it has all changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe done a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat is pretty ugly , he called <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea <unk> and , especially in the Java Sea .
What we were there captured was a little <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are blobs of tiny blobs of the remains , remains fish of coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was <unk> .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start the commercial fishing .
The bottom line is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They wrote them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
Then they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what these fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We 're looking at the world , but we do n't remember it .
I 'm going to get the starting point , again , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to give this something like this .
On the y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with naturally .
Every generation will use images to the beginning of his conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the breakthrough .
And in the end , keeping some miserable remains .
And that , in large , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies grow up to kill animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose abundant animals .
You lose <unk> animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become slightly frequent because we take them out .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know that it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> it was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in a previous way that they would expect that to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some people show , like captain to have , and so I watched many fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually do n't use the scientists from fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From the enormous role that can deliver a protected marine zone .
Because with marine marine areas , we actually recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from vision that provides , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it , because they do n't have access , like people in the West , for example ?
I think the arts and cinema can fill in the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation simulation .
A long time ago there was gray whales in the Chesapeake Bay Bay .
And you may have noticed that nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think in `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film , we 're going to talk about the story of <unk> , why do we relate to images ?
Because it raises something that does , in a sense , has lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I 'll give , is Cameron , do `` Avatar II , '' under the water .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today we 're going to see why videos are doing viral and how important it is .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very hard .
But today the web is making any of us , or our actions , copper notoriety in a part of our global culture .
Anyone can make it famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage gets viral , gets countless views and wins cultural calling .
How does that happen ?
Three things : trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video out of his house in Yosemite in Yosemite .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows you in the popular rise of popularity of last summer .
<unk> did n't write a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
There were already published many videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the popularity of popularity .
The maker of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented to us new and interesting things , and they bring them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You want to start on Friday , you all want it to come up with a weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . They started Friday . KA : Do n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> , '' `` <unk> , '' `` <unk> '' from Rebecca 's <unk> videos .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of using it .
Like <unk> rainbow , this video seemed to have arisen out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of <unk> will take a point of view and share it with a wider public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts to talk about that and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> from `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
So only in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way of being part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` Cat <unk> '' is a repetitive animation with a silent music .
So that 's what it is .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know , there 's a three-year-old version that has been seen four million times .
Until the cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity I woke up among the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did a version of the old .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , it came up with a whole , 21st-century community that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy it , we 're involved .
Who might have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` double rainbow , '' or `` Rebecca <unk> '' ?
What script could have been written by that situation ?
In a world where you get up two days of video , it 's just the only one and unexpected that is just the unexpected and unexpected thing that these things have done .
When a friend of mine told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against cyclists to riders in New York , I admit I did n't get really interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a lot of a ticket that 's not circular , but often there are obstacles that keep you circular properly .
KA : Thank you the surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million watched and understand her idea .
So this approach is worth all the new things we make in creative ways .
And all of this leads to a great question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , a new culture that we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media features , but they 're just the means of the current means , but we 're <unk> the future of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the only one of a single unit and freedom of his country .
<unk> while the communist enter <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , and so on , we were making fun .
It 's stuck in silence .
He died broken by the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let it be in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to deal with me , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to the sunrise , silent to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was as only 18 years old when her father died , and a married marriage and two little girls .
For her , life had been destined for one task : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And then from a <unk> <unk> that defies fiction , a boat slid to the birth of fishing vessel .
All the adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was the pirate and rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother was wearing a jar of poison .
If we would catch us , we 'd take this my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , <unk> diving in every wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirate dealers who came a number of times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our boat , or the motor dying and not being able to break for six hours .
But I know I remember the lights from the oil shelf in front of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , and finish the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men 's platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> English fragments were traded between people who had a common thing : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , and then on a car assembly line , working six days , twice a turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and a extra mentoring in English and mathematics would n't matter what you should take away , which is usually new clothes ; it always was a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A uniform uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there was weird and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Yo , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me <unk> .
He was accumulating purpose and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to get it to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would sit in the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares were starting to be able to get it .
She opened a computer shop , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was a classic , relentless Asian student , and I took out of myself .
On the other one , I was very large in poor poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received help over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of law , I was elected by the young Australian boy .
And I went into a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
As I read , `` <unk> anonymous , '' he was now as well as refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites that I had never heard of , and in the houses whose existence she had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about nothing .
I wanted to retire in routines , and the comfort of life in a suburb of <unk> -- a mother , a mother and two daughters as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> over the day of each one and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom who could n't do it .
I was reminded that I was now the same age that she had when she got us on the boat .
The `` No '' has never been an option .
`` Do n't , '' he said , `` You 're not what you do n't . ''
So I talked about youth and education and the <unk> to the marginalized and the bumps .
And the more frankly talking , the more I was talking about , the more I was talking about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the edge of the possible .
And although I finished my degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of law .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that 's okay to be a stranger , a little come back in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because it 's inside it can easily mean by cutting the horizons , it can easily mean to accept assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was a energy there , a relentless optimism , a weird mixture of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
We were going to get a small group of people to get the slogan `` ca n't be done , '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , it was a giant soup of soup that we all shared .
<unk> up to the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
After a single journey .
My hunch up again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I end , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social rule , and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
The 17 became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother was beating .
Without the support of her husband , he caused an uproar by <unk> and bringing the cause her , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
You ca n't have proved wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell them stories and make sure that we were still with her .
At the night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is her hand hot , and the rest of the body is so cold ? ''
Because you have taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't got it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Given who we were and how life formed us , we now can see that the men who would have come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could want that to do for itself ?
However , I 'm afraid of the easy privilege of the right .
I can give you a <unk> in your lives , you 'll get brave in every wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could take it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mom is now in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the sky anise , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the time of the old Indian Indian <unk> .
In those days , when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , he had thirst , and he got a bow , and he was able to get a bow on the ground , I could get water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we pulled out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that was really disturbed me .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was going to tell you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his little pocket silver .
And this piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and the cameras can prevent us <unk> .
We 're inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched , I threw up this technological world to see how to use magic , instead of killing her .
I read books from the 16 years old .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
We put the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes more and more <unk> .
But what does that work for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for the iPad .
He says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I get a character of the book .
In several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean wizards and dragons , but to that childhood magic , those ideas that we 're giving of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting me .
So over here , we have to shift the iPad to liberate fireflies .
And actually , they light up your way into what 's left from the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a ball .
So here , every book and every single world becomes a little bit that I move into this magical device , in the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book , there has always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it 's also revealed .
Now I 'm going to go into it .
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the <unk> and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the chambers of Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
It 's a story that deals today as ongoing environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked together , attached to their PCs , have n't come to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go out outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a little girl , I had lots of collections : sticks , stones , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , I would take a picture to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a crust of cortex and then label .
So it creates a digital collection of pictures that then can put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
And within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we have to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video goes on and through augmented reality , you see a bunch of cartoons that appear on inner plants in the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to do the sound of the wind and try to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> with technology and magic and the technology comes to another .
The sun 's energy .
We 're approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was a <unk> director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and asked patients , family and known : What happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or maybe not everybody , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stop listening .
This is my scale Wi-Fi . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob on and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect to , sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I need assistance , or any urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before I get up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can try to move people out of their chairs and together develop some <unk> activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week being available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , send them to your doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to restore control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of <unk> care , the doubling of demand and other issues .
It 's techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video .
We all have checks in cars .
Maybe even we have in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATMs are in <unk> .
Also where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives at this point .
What we did was what we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that : If you look at a <unk> , please go back and forth , you know where , and when it 's open , you 're sometimes opening up at times in office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an augmented reality app , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks to use their cell phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to make it globally .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a center for the crowdsourcing transition across the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us convey these <unk> .
You could be <unk> or mobile phone services , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not only improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my . ' photography .
Or is it <unk> photography ?
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in the photograph was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my passion before the drawing , but it was a little bit different because I was using the camera the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when you press the trigger .
For me photography , I had more than seeing with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to push the trigger .
Photos like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it 's an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like this , dark and colorful , but the common goal of keeping the realism level of realism .
And when I say realism realism <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something I can do , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Photos that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more than to do with capture an idea that 's going to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are you all the details or the colors ?
Did you get the light ?
What is the illusion of illusion ?
Sometimes illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three perfectly objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't support the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think they 're those in which we do n't even think about , the things around us in our daily lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider , because otherwise something is going to be seen wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are taken with these requirements ; they were taken by the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
And you might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of photographs of different places .
In the personal , I think it 's easier to create a place to find a place that you do n't need to put in danger of the ideas that have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew I had several months to try to figure out the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even had a red house at the top of the island to look more Swedish .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think there 's needed planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different pictures .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , you can be very beautiful and very realistic at the same time .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a single diagram that I took from a folder for me .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
It 's an analysis that we 've been doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other people we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , each step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
<unk> <unk> technology is novel .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please light the lights .
We 'll get more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technology points on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if I draw them into a normal curve that , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to draw , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't tell a lot .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens , it 's a qualitative change .
If technology 's technology as fast as the microprocessors , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development for growth growth that every few years to advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It was one of two things .
Or it 's going to become a typical curve , but it 's going to come up with something completely different , or maybe it will do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So , now we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is what 's that new way that we adopt the world ?
Where new state is going on ?
The transition seems very , very confusing if we are engaged in it .
I remember a child in the future 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , over my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything is so different that extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term stuff .
The time scale that I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , you go back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals going around it .
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized , we give ourselves an idea of how things happened .
And I think there 's theories to start to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at that time , there was some sliver of oil oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil drops held a particular combination of chemicals that made them materials from the outside , and so the droplets grew up .
And they started to divide .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those artifacts of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them had a random random recipe for chemicals .
And every time they 've been divided by <unk> an unequal distribution of chemicals in it .
So every drop was a little bit different .
In fact , the drops that somehow became better at the time of bringing the chemicals around ; they were growing more chemicals , more chemicals and divided more .
Mostly you live more time , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things would get interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
So in some ways we do n't understand very well these artifacts learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this non-profit evolution , a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 , white dust . I 'm trying to hide the local airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- I 've got the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and I 'll put it 10 to 22 times .
So if somebody wants to 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them for everyone here -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it out of the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells are happy another billion years ago .
But then there was another big interesting step in which things were very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information to form form of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , we evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way we avoid penicillin , and it 's <unk> to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to communities that , in a way , were together in that ; and there 's a synergy .
So they survive or failed them , whether a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were taking more and they were drawn by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities came together so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe from the community together in a DNA chain .
The next stage is interesting to life took another billion years .
And in that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are not acting alone .
The skin cell is not without the heart , or your muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved , and we produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , which we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And building very special structures that did n't make information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that we process information that those mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures , understanding and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not as evolutionary time .
So one organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit because he knew bad , and she got sick the last time that she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism that had been built out of these information processing structures that have been built for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system building those information structures accelerated an evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then , of course , individuals found the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting emitting a few grunting , and hopefully building a similar , vague , fuzzy idea in his heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated , we made it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
We 've now spent periods similar periods of multicellular organisms -- we abstract our training methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM , and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we were doing before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which we had some evolution with the <unk> program in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated over time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I would tell you took about billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The following , the language on , took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , seems to take just a few decades .
The process goes back into it , and I guess that <unk> is the right word to name something that <unk> its own pace .
The more it changes , the more quickly it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process goes back into it .
But I make my life design computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would not be possible without recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me in a conventional form .
I do n't know that a transistor does that a transistor in that machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the <unk> designers , we thought about a level of abstraction , we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you could n't have , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
And in fact , sometimes use methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
And then we put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And , for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , please , can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions at random ? ''
Can you run these sequences of instructions random instructions , I run all those programs , and take those that more than we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to order to cause numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did it .
But one , fortunately , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that would better do the task ?
It 's <unk> those and <unk> those .
And now I 'm going to argue that the best of the numbers do .
And let 's go back to <unk> a process of analogous to sex .
Let 's take two programs , which will provide children , that <unk> <unk> , and that the children will promote the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs from programs that had a little more success .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
It was some mutations .
And it tries again , and it 's trying again with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that you 've got a absolutely perfect number of numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I have the safety that they get the goal , because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of programs that succeeded .
In fact , their lives are dependent on it .
Once I was a 747 in a 747 with somebody who 's got somebody else , and he got a card , and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer safe flight . ' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces .
However , we do n't understand all the options that we have .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so they can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds down .
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so confusing .
Because all these technologies feed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment when you look at single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas , and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the inflection point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our part to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now comes lunch and I think I 'm going to stop here before I 'm going on .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent enough time enough to allow me to give up part of my fake prestige .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little bit of baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end of the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's about getting out of the rules , '' he talks about the statistics and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm focusing on one of them , and I hope many of you know that many of you .
It 's called <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , a <unk> <unk> .
That means that <unk> bat is effectively done , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game camp without being stuck , and that anyone who 's trying to throw it out to the first base , not get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> in the Great <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know how they call a baseball <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 strokes , it hit four .
<unk> -- like legendary Ted Williams , the last player at the Major League of <unk> in running more 400 strikes in a regular season .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon that has also record 400 in <unk> .
That 's how it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose they live in a remote place , and a loved thing has two clogged arteries and their family doctor 's drifting out of a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's getting dramatically better .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of the hits of a cardiac surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very good .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a caring .
What we do , though , is sending them into the world , and I included , with the mandate .
That never , ever make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> obsessional student .
I once , a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman studied studied to a blood exam .
Like .
I went into my little <unk> , in the nurses at the General Hospital of Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , <unk> every artery that comes out of the <unk> , the frequent differential diagnosis , and not usual .
And I even knew differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was really good ; I graduated publishing .
And you know , <unk> from medical school with the impression that if you were going to fix everything , then it would know everything , or the most possible , close to everything , because that 's how I get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a university hospital here in Toronto , and in Toronto , when I brought the lady to the emergency school service where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to the cardiology .
And I applied to a cardiologist to go on a cardiologist , and I would hit that patient .
I report the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was <unk> .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , blood goes into the lungs , and they fill in blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
He gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure in their heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that he could remove liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone and did what I should have done , who was calling my boss and <unk> with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would be able to give data apart .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that would have constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , which I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When they send it to their home , he did n't let a voice on my interior , he said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the <unk> lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if she goes home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was my car to go home . At that time , I did something I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency emergency service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking off of the lady 's lady before , but another one . He said , three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists are afraid too , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see patients <unk> .
The three words are : you remember , you ?
`` It remembers the patient who sent his house ? ''
I asked the other nurse with total <unk> .
`` Well she returned , '' with the same voice tone .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the verge of death .
After an hour of having gotten to his house , after I gave her high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance ambulance brought in the E.R with a blood pressure pressure of <unk> , which means a shock shock .
It was just breathing and blue .
The emergency staff will leave all their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put an artificial back-up .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because then that <unk> was in intensive care and expected against all the hope that he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that I 'll never forget .
He had permanent damage .
The family got together together .
And in eight or nine days , they 're going to get rid of what was happening .
And at the ninth day , they let it go . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm going to get to that , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy unhealthy culture that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't afford them with your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad about inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was a <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure we 're going to go through things and make sure that I did n't get wet .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't my boss asked my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst times , why I made a <unk> mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Gradually , that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a cloudy day , the sky opened the sky , and eventually he came out , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if you were to <unk> the efforts to be perfect to make more mistakes , I would go ahead of those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , it was an assistant in the emergency department in a community community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy and a hurry .
And he would say here .
I looked into her throat , was a little bit <unk> .
He gave him penicillin and sent him to his house .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard shift , my boss asked to talk to me that he was sitting in his office .
And I gave the three words : You remember , you ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain on the throat ?
Well he came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had potentially deadly called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not the throat , but the top air goes , and it can cause the close of those things .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
You know , it 's been managed by antibiotics for it , and it gets recovered to a few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then came back and went back to work , until it happened and over again , and again .
Twice in the same emergency shift , they do n't have appendicitis .
And it 's a big effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were going into 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague of mine who was checking the patient was a sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with lots of diarrhea .
He ordered it to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to <unk> it .
I checked it up , and the note to notice a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , called the surgeon .
Both were operated and recovered well .
But every case <unk> me , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't get it and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the voice and tell me what 's really happening , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do you teach them this to do not make the same mistakes ?
If I could go into a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about other medical errors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues , as well , that a <unk> in my hospital was wrong , believe me I would have difficulty looking at it .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions that they make mistakes , and the ones that do n't sleep , and the ones who do n't sleep and the ones that have a great outcome , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a <unk> medical study and medical errors to learn how possible , from the first article I wrote for the `` Star Wars , Black Art , Black Art , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day , where one of 10 drugs <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or the model is not right . In a system that the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadians die by preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Institute was established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not getting the problem apart as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years , and we do n't get distracted .
sleep deprivation .
We ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it comes with <unk> eyes and breath to alcohol and , suddenly , my story <unk> contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't take their symptoms in the same way .
This is all inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professionals prone to mistake , well , no one left .
And what about that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my show : `` White <unk> , black art '' -- it 's a custom say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell everyone from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And you 'll put the microphone into them .
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , down your head and <unk> saliva and started telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The international physician is human , you know human , accepts , and not proud of their mistakes , but he 's trying to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out other people 's mistakes not the intention of getting to catch , but in a loving way and the support for all of us .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes instead .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm an redefined scientist .
I 'm human , make mistakes mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm trying to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we do ?
Do you know how much we choose a week ?
I recently did a poll over 2,000 people and the average amount of election that says to pick an average American , are about 70 to the day .
It does n't do a lot of ago , in a research , followed by a group of presidents of companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks by these executives and the time that we 're going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we 're going to have <unk> jobs a week .
So naturally , every job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required for an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
You know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes , how many of an hour ?
How do you build those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice in front of options .
I want to talk about the problem with possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand if you want to burn calories .
In another way , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please give you a <unk> .
And now my first question on the day : Are you ready to hear about the overload of options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this supermarket very , very high , at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different fruits of fruit and vegetables and about 25 water water , and this was when we were taking water from the faucet .
I loved going to that shop , but at one time I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different kinds of different kinds , including the ones who were in sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked her , `` Does this strategy be able to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed to me the full buses of tourists that came up with every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to make a little experiment with <unk> . This is the one .
hallway .
They had different classes .
<unk> a <unk> , just at the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six tastes , or from 24 tastes , and we looked at two things : First , what 's case people were willing to stop testing the jam ?
More people stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent , that when I had only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a pot of jelly .
So here 's the opposite effect .
Those of them stopped when it was 24 , only three percent came to buy carpet .
The ones that stood when I had six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times the likelihood of buying tickets if they were six , that if they were in 24 .
Well , deciding that we do n't buy dishes , you know , it 's very much good to conserve , but it turns out that the overload of choices is affecting us in a very momentous decisions .
We decided to do not decide , even though this is not true to us .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we see the decisions about savings for retirement about a million Americans , from a few 650 plans from this country .
We were interested in seeing whether the number of hedge supply offers on retirement plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans to go from two , to 59 different options .
We found that the more the number of money funds , there were less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they wanted .
And in plans that offer about 60 funds , the rate of participation went down to the percentile 60 .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the more people it was the number of choices , more people will fall apart by avoiding actions or investment funds .
In terms of more options , they were more willing to invest in financial accounts .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we are trying to optimize the well-being of future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that you make the decision , which is that it 's still going to go against the self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
You 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , even though they 're getting better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at looking at that gigantic array of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choosing that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to propose to you now four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can test in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've seen it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of these weird redundant options , there will be a higher increase in sales , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble has gone from 26 different types of Head .
When the Cat Golden corporation -- eliminated the products for junk cats , which was less sold , increased 87 percent , for two causes : greater sales and lower costs .
It 's known that today 's supermarkets , on average , you have 45,000 products .
In a grocery store , you 're offering 100,000 products .
But the biggest shop in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle the best choices is the question of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
Every Harvard employees at Harvard are just a very close to a insurance fund of life .
The people who really want to choose , give them 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences there are between those options .
And if your employees can not differentiate , they can not make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was chatting with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a vacation with all of paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( Applause ends ) Okay . Anyone who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit , which when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> personnel that were working on <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were headed to an 401 plan .
At that meeting , we 're going to save exactly the way it was used , we did a little addition .
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that they 're going to do in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a rise in 20 percent increase and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the <unk> supermarkets , throughout the northeast row , the exhibit of magazines can contain from nowhere else to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell it .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , they tap .
There are some of them .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , they tap .
Well , something else .
It turns out that 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
And the categories should tell you something to choose , not that defines .
You often see this problem with these huge lists of funding .
Will I mean who they are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if only we simplified it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated good decision ; it 's buying a car .
This is a German German manufacturer that allows you to completely reinvent them .
You have to take 60 decisions to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
Color , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor engine , changes of changes -- four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which decisions come up .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , at a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How about it .
If you 're <unk> the default button in every decision , this tells you that you 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from a lot of options , you push the button over and over again , and another more .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to a lot , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order where information is presented .
If we started that easy , you learn to choose .
Although the choice of changing changes do n't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration , in all ways you 're making a choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
So to summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives ; <unk> , doing real , <unk> , we can handle more categories with less options ; we 're going to make the complexity .
All these techniques I 've presented to you were designed to help handle the alternatives ; or better , for you to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful about the choice .
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to write it from the government .
I had to register a piece of text that 's written with the machine .
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they were a writing with the wrong message could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , how much it will make the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having some <unk> print on every page that follows a pattern that makes them own one and your printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to have a lot of it .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we see what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
Your cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts of money .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , who would take money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , Matthew <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it for illegal means by illegal journals , to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a living computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this counts had <unk> million dollars when he was frozen .
Mr. Jain goes off ; you know , her stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are the victim of a real crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to be worse .
In the future , most of the crimes happening online .
The second group of bombers that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves it , motivate the protests , motivate the opinions , motivate laughter .
Groups like Anonymous have gone through the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : the criminals who make it for money , the <unk> as Anonymous that they do to protest , and the last group is the national states the governments who attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attacking their own citizens .
<unk> is an habitat authority authority , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall , because of a <unk> .
They put out the security of the site and run out of <unk> .
I asked last week , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they were going to get killed by people 's death because of the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die of a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except for a foreign <unk> authority .
It 's going to be <unk> certified .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , protesters agreed the headquarters for the Egyptian police police in April 2011 , and during plundering the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes of a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a large scale of the communications of the country .
It had been sold for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , we found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a <unk> case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today , it goes beyond .
It became the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to look all the communication , and listen to the discussions online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this obvious answer should be , `` Well , it looks like something bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is n't dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , whatever right today , it will be forever .
Are you going to be blindly supportive in any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions we have to worry about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The Brazilian Park in Nairobi does not have fences in the largest part of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators like lions , the follow , and this is what they do .
Let 's get our livestock .
This is one of the ones they killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning and we found it dead , I was really bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and so we do so much .
So I grew up hate a lot of lions .
They were dying warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same as to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions would fear them .
But I realized that this does n't actually serve , because even I was helped male lions to see the stable of a distance .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions to they believed that I was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So I went down and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day male lions did n't come .
The lions have been afraid to the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that you turn to and turn the lights off .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity into the small box <unk> . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lighting lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because it 's where lions come from .
And this is how they see lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> are <unk> to the lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to have trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals so many animals , and she asked me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see at the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed in seven houses in my community and they 're serving very much .
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , seals , and they 're also using it to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping raising funding and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So one year ago , it was just a child in the grasslands of the savanna <unk> the cows of my father , and she used to see airplanes , and I was telling one day it would be within one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on the airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer at aviation and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and male lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : A fence electrical ?
<unk> : I know they already invented electrical fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : So let 's do it once , right ? And you -- I 've tried it before , but I 've been doing it before , but I got a little bit of it . CA : At the canyon . Richard <unk> . You 're a big thing .
We 're going to take you into every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we spent all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Even though I was asked about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor and I was never starving .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When you 're <unk> this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last couple weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead in the street , holding a child on her arms by looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of them and their families .
A famine caused by North Korea to the <unk> .
At the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survive to survive grass , insects and tree cortex .
They were also made more and more common than the energy cutting , all around me was completely into dark at night except for the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is limit between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to be secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separate from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as refugee <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not only extremely difficult , but it 's also dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear of my identity that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I was arrested at the police station .
Somebody had accused me for being <unk> , then I would put my skills in Chinese language and ask me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and say the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a official said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China are looking for asylum .
But many of them can be arrested for Chinese police and deported .
These women were really lucky .
Although they had caught them , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were n't so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and sentenced to North Korea , where they are being tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , all their world can be made in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I 've decided to take a risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I also understood that there was a huge gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but within , we have become very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly there was no country I could call with pride of mine .
Although I went to life in South Korea was not easy , I made a plan . I started to study for the income test at university .
Just when I was starting to photograph my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities were sent to some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the road to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the frontier with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them in some way , for over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were caught in several times .
Once our bus was arrested and tackled by a Chinese police officer .
He asked the identification of all , and started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , he went down to my family , and I told her they were <unk> people who was accompanying it .
And I looked at it , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way to the <unk> border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards .
But even after the border came , my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated and incarcerated again in the capital capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at a distance from the South Korean embassy .
I was going to go between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But it was n't enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man said , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other North Koreans and to take them out of prison .
I 'd put it with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
I 'm helping the <unk> people .
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The nice unknown <unk> a new hope for me and for the village to get it , when we needed it .
And I showed myself that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are actually the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they begin with little money .
So , we can benefit from international community with education , practical language practices , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with family still in , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans all over the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Side .
This is South Central stores : <unk> stores , fast food terrain .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South <unk> to represent something else , so they changed the South Angeles , as if this will make it really wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles <unk> , <unk> , fast food terrain .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center home to the food places to bring and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that food places to bring more people more people than food in the car .
People are dying of diseases curable in Los Angeles South .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they go out of home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I saw wheels of wheels bought and sold as the cars that are used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I consider that the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
In addition to me , I 'm tired of running back to 45 minutes back and back to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , it was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what 's coming to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're kind of a paid group in advance of all the backgrounds , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city sat on me , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made made by court .
And I said , `` Come on , right ?
A warrant running by planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say they supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more terrain .
It 's 68 miles of terrain .
That 's 20 Central Parks equivalent .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on earth do n't it look like this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I say to people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy of the South Side .
I grew up there . Let 's get my children there .
I 'm going to become part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I do my art .
Just like an artist 's artist , you 're going to burn walls , I would burn soil , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and plants and trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if they stop your canvas .
You can just imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witness how my garden became a tool of education , the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the Earth .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , they get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , they were like I was at the evenings at night , and they were in my garden , and they were looking at very <unk> .
Me , well , man , I felt wrong that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt embarrassed by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , the people ask me , `` End , do n't get people to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God no , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
So it 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at the same time , I want you to pay your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant her mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so only for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , 50 people coming , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids grow from eating , the kids will eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes . But if nothing of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and the body , they eat blind to what they 're going to put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're trapped in . I see kids that are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who were going to train their communities to have sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
You may be next to this next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free stuff , because it 's not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of work , pull out the kids from the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you get them to take your memo ?
That 's his weapon of choice .
In contrast , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your wetsuit so we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days like today , where it rains .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that comes up .
And especially if you 're going on your bicycle and these cars , that 's not very nice .
In addition , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , would want a quiet road .
The solution to that is to make porous asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands , and it has pores and water can pass through it , so all the rain water 's going to flow down the side and have a road in which it 's easy to drive , and you do n't get water more .
Noise will also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is getting rid of ? Look at this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then many more and more and so forth , and then -- well -- well , I wo n't do that . But they can harm your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bump to it .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the <unk> , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it 's <unk> , they 're going to be sold and separate from <unk> .
So , if you drive through the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- like we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material go down , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut cut out the wool of steel into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use to cook -- an induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you have to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones will get back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction into the stage here on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm going to take to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So a piece of road gave us a piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> freeway , where we had to do a lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on road , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took lots of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
We did age the samples , we put a lot of charge in them , and then we were able to put them together with our induction machine and open them up and test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers into the energy of induction , bringing these fibers to actually increase the lives of the road on the surface of the road , can even double the lives of the surface .
And now , of course , you 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to be cool first before I can show you how repair acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening BBC News in her little gray radio .
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual at the time , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! '' I screamed .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban went out of Afghanistan and made the girls illegal to go to school .
Over the next five years , I 'm going to be pleased as a child to be surrounded by my older sister , who could no longer be used anymore , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that the two we could educate .
Every day , we would take a different route so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in the market bags to look like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we will experience our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
Once in the time , school was suddenly close by a week , because the desired Taliban .
We were always wondering what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in that her daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would get it .
But my raised mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk in not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were times when I was very frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that always will be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , you still want not to continue ? ''
I have 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women 's women have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate school at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from his home to educate his daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but I also know that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who I wear on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's because I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which it is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is , I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families who , like mine , who were <unk> by them , despite and even in front of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and her daughter were going off from <unk> to his village , and literally stopped being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to his house , they 're the phone , he told him that if he was sending her daughter to school , he would come back to me .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` But it will not harm the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized to you from Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people who are <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of her daughter , and he sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who were to school have been told in hundreds of -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes of changes .
I fear these changes do n't last much , after retirement of the U.S. troops .
But when I come back to Afghanistan , when I see students in my school and their parents who were going to take them , I see a <unk> future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and infinite possibilities , and every day the girls ' girls remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . ''
But you never go back a revolutionary revolutionary style . ''
It 's almost two years since the revolution broke out of the fictional revolution both of the Tunisian <unk> revolution and the Egyptian revolution .
One forces with many other <unk> citizens inside and outside of the country to call a day of rage and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men were at the cutting edge , pushing the each of the regime , carrying billboards , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to meet the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead war , we managed to liberate our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
<unk> from the devastation and the challenges , I 've loved , along with many other women , to rebuild the <unk> civil society , leading a inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation .
It was established about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , roughly 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the West of Women <unk> for Peace , a movement of women , leaders , a very diverse orientation , to advocate for an advocate of women 's women , and because of our right participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> of selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , little bit of the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day , we found news about violence .
One day , we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day , I 'm going to have the news of murder of the American ambassador , and the attack on the <unk> .
Another day , we woke up with the news of the official murder of the army .
And every day , every day , every day we woke up with the government of the militias and their <unk> violations of the prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , made out of a revolutionary mindset , more , and has become away from the ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , we had at the beginning .
The intolerance , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all today at all to inspire you to inspire our story of the <unk> list and the election .
So I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose evil , we took the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because the election did not brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why our society remains polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more of what choices needed , which only embrace polarization and division .
Our nation needs a qualitative representation of the feminine and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage and call it a day of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a feminine speech , which is not only <unk> , but it also can make mercy in practice instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that an Libya , shattered by war , desperately desperately in order to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between female perspectives and the male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a <unk> way .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- a uterus -- <unk> the feminine and motherly , which spans all of the humanity that men and women , where all the tribes and all the people have <unk> .
And so , just like the uterus covers the embryo entirely , which grows in , the divine matrix of compassion -- that 's all of the existence .
It 's like , `` My mercy for all things . ''
So it 's like , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That all of us will get rid of the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you today about a disturbing question , which has an equally unsettling response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everybody 's always asking : Why is she left ?
Why would anyone stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert on domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> American Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I create my twin soul , he was going on my head with a gun , loaded with <unk> bullets .
The man who loved anyone in this world , and he got a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love '' , a psychological trap , in love , where every year millions of women , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA in <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies from the Fortune 500 , '' between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 'm almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all the religions , all the religions , all levels of income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and <unk> , or , in the other way , in families , the last place that we would want to , or we would expect to find violence , which is why , the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man that sticks it , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and November night of January .
I was sitting on my side in New York City , and he started with me .
He said two things .
The first one was that he also had a college university from a graduate school who was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what was most impressed with me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and it seemed like a guy in the field .
He had some big <unk> apples , like apples , and a wheat blond hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that did <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything from me , which I was ready , that I 'd gone to Harvard , who would be a passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer , as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And that was why the bachelor 's degree in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced by the victim .
And I did n't know the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York City and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought he had to do sacrifices for your mate , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that he was falling on a <unk> love , who was entering a head on a physical trap , both financial and psychological psychological ready .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to .
And this is where these guns go in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to be able to feel so sure it was so safe bought for three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another , he kept him under the pillow in our bed and the third time in his pocket .
And he said he needed these guns because of trauma that he lived small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message to me and , even though I had never been lifted my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physicist in <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises on my neck had disappeared , I put my mom 's girlfriend 's suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were happy living forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me .
And I was very , very suspicious .
There was just a very humbling sense for the wedding and the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I never would hurt myself .
I spent two times more on our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost myself , and he gave me so strong in the head that I would take several times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , went through traffic and threw a Big Mac off the face .
<unk> went on to spend one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of marriage .
I was wondering when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some time in their life , and the Center for Disease Control , that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help him face his demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why do n't it just go ?
Why did n't I left ? I could have gone at any time .
To me , this is the saddest and painful question that people , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore , it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence occur after the victim has gone to the relationship , after getting away , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after <unk> has come back to marry , translated from financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with not the man who will be transferred to their mother .
And we still keep asking why it just does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> beating that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he was allowed to .
So I broke silence .
I told everyone about the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , complete strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you who are helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` The guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the <unk> victims of men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` scooped love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also moved out , who learned a lesson from what happened to them , and to embrace their lives as happy and wives like servants , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I got married with a cute guy and cute man , and we have these three children .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do is never again , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing at my head of someone who says he wants me .
So at this point , you 're just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what stupid I was , '' or `` <unk> , '' I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they 're being abused , or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , her sister , his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence .
And I 'm still doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse thrives only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence just shedding shedding light on it .
We need the victims we need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
You know , their vision of survivors like fantastic , lovely people , who have a full future .
They were looking at the early signs of violence to be consciously able to slow down and show the victims a safe way .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , it 's about 10 years ago .
And I feel that right now there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed in this room , so luckily , I brought my clothes to change .
This is the first set of clothes on a TED stage ; so you have a lot of kind of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to go back now , but find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that he would hold my back and get the hair out of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial <unk> , like the one I did two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , while shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a beautiful , white woman , and in my working sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in sincere ways .
The first question is , how do you get to be a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are being biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high shape and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take money on .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown to be skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers who say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , branches .
First of all , the <unk> will know so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City telling each other and every single models on the runway , and from <unk> hired models , only 27 , is to say less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always do is : Can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I do n't care about it .
But then , what I would say to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be what you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon and a poet , which would be awesome , because you were the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I tell you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing the American American magazine or the CEO of H & M 's director , or the next <unk> <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're larger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are going on .
And yes , it 's pretty much <unk> all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my time .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a little girl .
This is what it looks like next to my grandmother .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a slumber party a few days before the photos for the French Army .
I 'm here with my football team and the V I saw .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professional , riot , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , do you get free things ?
I 've got too much about 20 centimeters heels , and I never use it , except the last few , but all the privilege I get is I get in real life , and that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and , of course , we got a red light , and , of course , we stood up , and it took a little bit of my sorry , agent to keep driving .
So I 'm going to get rid of these privilege for my appearance , not so I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who stood up and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino men , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
How many times do I get excited ? And when ?
When I looked at this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the <unk> girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that number goes up to 78 percent to the 17 .
So the last question that people ask me is : How is life of a model ?
And I think the answer they 're waiting for is : If you 're a little bit thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy and happy .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say : It 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to work with creative and creative people , passionate and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about what every day looks like .
And if you ever ask yourself , you get some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a bunch of models , because they have the brightest legs , the brightest hair and clothes , but they 're probably the most insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain this talk , I hope you 're all more comfortable with recognizing the power of the image in perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was bigger enough to attach a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures , and I did n't go on them .
There were no artistic directors , no artistic directors , no opportunity to replicate the photos , not even a little bit careful about lighting .
In fact , most of them took random tourists .
My story begins when I found me in New York City to give a <unk> , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of the 57 and the five .
He just happened to come back to New York just a year later , so we decided to get the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what 's coming .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take you to <unk> New York on a <unk> trip and you follow the ritual ? ''
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever met with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way of stopping time on a October of October , and we will think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive it and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , when suddenly , it was stopped , and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls shop that loved little on the previous visits .
And it described me what had felt at the age of five years of foot in that same place .
He remembered his heart <unk> with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York is universities , because he 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know you , but besides these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you 're not going to get closer to someone and ask , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are in the most threatened bird group .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter <unk> , silly characters , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associated with the Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't clean up the environment , they 're not really helping us prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , the rabbits have better presence . There are two kinds of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World that are mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World rabbits , where we have 16 species -- of these 16 , 11 people face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They are our natural garbage measure .
You get dead bodies to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria , they help absorb anthrax that would not be spread and caused large losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the dead bodies take three to four times longer , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of diseases .
<unk> also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity <unk> , along with the king , <unk> the unit between the Stop and Under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil <unk> .
In the <unk> culture , they do some very important burials to open sky , and in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead or the timber or the wood to grow , so these rabbits provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at extreme endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife : <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical endangered endangered list , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old , and the reason is because they fall prey out of the livestock that has been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfills , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for anger , and the number of cases of rage has gone up enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be on top of the Turkana lake .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them down half .
They 're <unk> of birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of rabbits that are dead to serve <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focus on a locally problem is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they would take their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , they will report on rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors over the rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw it flying without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
In 1971 , back to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food .
So , we came out with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes growing Italian tomatoes and <unk> .
Of course , people were n't at all who were interested in doing that , so they 're going to get them to work , and sometimes they do n't come in . We were amazed that local people , in so fertile valley , had not had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't know , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here . '' `` Just for time to save people in Zambia of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these gorgeous tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to <unk> , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were beautiful , mature and red , at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> showed up from the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we were just supposed to make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the English did , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed <unk> .
We will see the waste -- we 're going to see the waste that we 're going to tell you about <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read it mean <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about damage that money has caused .
Just read your book .
It was part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people just in two ways , or <unk> , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with anyone in a different culture , like , if they were my kids . '' I want you a lot .
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said mostly economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first of the aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a stick on the floor and said , `` Can you -- can you imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to just respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never start anything , you 've never motivates anybody , but becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream to become a better person .
So what does you do ? <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people of the locality .
We do n't work from the offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important .
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can be successful .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting into a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
<unk> entrepreneurs are never running , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what a chance they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know , because they do n't run their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which exists .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family 's doctor , the business doctor of the business , which sets up with you in your house , on the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage where we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very hard .
I fell down and listened to them . ' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history passed away from 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of death of the corporate spirit .
So now we 're going to try to reconstruct Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to offer you , privacy , has to be fantastic when you can help you , and then <unk> , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show you more this morning ?
They 're passionate local people . That 's what you 've got .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the world 's first industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a form of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider is how we can consider , it 's how we fix , cure , we teach , transport , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that was in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 2000 .
And in the year , he gathered up this group of people , and we would argue about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked , if the population keeps growing up to this rate , to move to the population of New York around them , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would not be able to address .
They were already stuck in dung , so they were so forth , and they were <unk> this dirty technology that <unk> New York City .
So , what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they 're not going to come in conversation with you .
Then you have to give you an absolute , dedicated , enthusiastic service .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about how to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three things <unk> : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , you have to tell you with a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've been investigated and watched the 100 companies from Carnegie , <unk> , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of them were started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' , but the word `` we '' , 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment in coffee bars , in bars , with their devoted comrades who will do for you , what someone did for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this <unk> , someone who will ask you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
OK , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to find somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects emerged of questions like : How much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share more of our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak tree that gives shadow to lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries , and I trust a city .
And there 's always a parade in New Orleans , there 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one of the most <unk> of American properties of the U.S .
I live near this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a more pleasant space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who I loved a lot .
It was Joan , like a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this produced a profound gratitude for the lived time .
It gave the significant things about my current life .
But let 's try to keep this look at my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be able to be caught on the day and forgetting the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this <unk> house on a giant blackboard , and he painted on it , and I painted it , and she said , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , people could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with it , and I was following .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before I die I want to be trial for piracy , '' I said , `` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date . ''
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die , I want to plant a tree .
Before I die , I want to live outside the Web .
He said , `` Before I die , I want to catch you again . ''
Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
Before I die I want to be completely myself .
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hopes of people made me laughing , and they were laughing , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about addressing the reflection and contemplation , and remembering what 's most important for us as we grow and we change .
This happened last year and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the center of the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina , and beyond .
And together we proved the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express each other and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of distractions , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that they prepare for death is one of those things that we make more power .
Think about death , we 're going to see our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope , fears and stories , people around us are not only able to help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
It 's 22 years old , it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It shares unconditionally .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When they sing from our childhood songs , I was trying to tell my words that I could n't even remember myself , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's very hot .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year in which every one of my iPod 's songs came out of my iPod , conversations that we had four years old , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Does n't it look incredible ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although they did n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing , which were extraordinary , autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , to learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way of that , which is how different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is being diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the development disorders that 's going on faster , there 's no cause of known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very much interested in me .
He lived in life and packed in their own world , with their own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that I would have in half .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences were made more evident .
But beyond <unk> , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : an innocent , innocent nature , a child who would see the world without prejudice , a human that I never had lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some of the hard moments in my family , when I would have wanted them to be just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change by normal .
The normal is the beauty of the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that any of them are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing , one thing , if I could reach one thing to <unk> and Sam and you would have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift , and , frankly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change in the moment where we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- I do n't tell you that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what 's been going to be Alice in the beginning of despair .
Penn State was asked me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication to engineering students .
She was scared . He was really afraid of these students with their great minds , his big books and their great words .
But when they develop those conversations , I felt what Michael must have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door to a new world .
Just so I sat down when I had those conversations with students , I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We need really a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to health and health care , each other , and if we do n't know that we do n't understand this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please do with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and the engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> , and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they study <unk> , but they study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing the science , care with the jargon .
The lingo is a hurdle for our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary '' , but why not say `` space and time '' that is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing as making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're going to be turned on and forth with their content .
And by presenting her work , forget about the `` bullet signals '' .
You 've wondered why you call `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's being held too much in the area of the language of our brain and responsibilities .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible phrase that the public can understand if you lose a little bit , and then , then they provide graphics that will be attached to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what describes .
I think these are just a few keys that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the entire Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was an ongoing editor in the 19th century that he defined it much better when he said , `` An <unk> is the one that 's looking for a public charge no matter party , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , it gets for the mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they need to try to dominate language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who confronted Parliament .
She was put in the London Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and at the end he had such popular support in London he won .
And just a few years later , we had the first record of the phrase , `` You know , <unk> it like this . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for a advocate of freedom of speech .
But to really show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call a leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They came up with all kinds of suggestions that could have <unk> .
Some wanted to call it `` Chief de State , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the U.S. People 's <unk> .
Not very appealing .
Some wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality .
And even with it were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a given term .
And I could have served it .
All the world 's got immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the diary from a poor senator , and I always write , `` I still have this issue . ''
What caused the delay , and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him the King for him or her successor to him .
So , they wanted to give the most modest , gentler , more insignificant , <unk> title .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . But it only meant `` someone who was going to get a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman , '' or `` <unk> . ''
There was <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was moved on .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who 's taking it seriously with a kind of ridiculous , insignificant title like President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't make it .
We can learn three interesting things about all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been trained by the President 's degree .
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to keep in there , waiting for the Senate between in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary measure -- it 's possible that we continue to wait for the more of the years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is the most important thing , and this is that the President of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of <unk> air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has endowed with the title of <unk> .
So at the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness .
But do you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the type of 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now President 's President .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I would like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes a lot more the words than what they might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 at feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of body bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk about , but mostly that cacophony of <unk> male men and stones were infected with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap light lamp , attached to the head with this rubber elastic rubber , and I can barely distinguish branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground .
I 'm going to get my hand up and suddenly I remember a miner that I met a day , who lost control , and dropped countless feet on that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep in the depths of that hole , their lives without paying or reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey in slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in over 70 countries , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> in the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all of the incredible people I met there I met an NGO in <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that has been conducted to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery , because I knew that there was in the world , but not to as much degree .
When we ended up talking very bad , I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this <unk> of our days , and I thought , if I do n't , how many people do n't know it ?
He got me a knot , and , weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director 's director and offer my help .
And so my journey began to modern slavery .
Interestingly , it had been in many of these sites .
Some , even considered my second home .
But this time , let 's get dirty dirty dirty .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people who are embedded in the world .
It 's twice as much of the number of African Africans throughout the whole matter of <unk> slaves .
150 years ago the cost of a farmer a farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 today .
However , today , you can enslaving entire families for debt for debt of $ 18 .
Amazingly , slavery will generate profits over $ 13,000 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many have been fooled by false education promises of good education and better work to then discover that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slave goods , but who produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in almost everyone , and yet it 's illegal across the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange and formidable show was like getting into ancient Egypt or Dante 's hell .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped up in a heavy overcoat of <unk> receptors in their heads , until 18 to the same time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony , they work in silence , doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no time to eat , not to drink it , and the severe <unk> made it to pee quite inconsequential .
So <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the car and make it work with air conditioning to go and , sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back on the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly , grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me so clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct assistance .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was n't citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work inside the system for her release and he trusted him , and he trusted .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed .
In the Himalayas , I found children carrying stones for miles on mountain ground to trucks to the bottom trucks .
Those big things were more heavy than the kids who had the charge and the kids hold their heads on their heads with their home straps , strings and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious , but ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they are slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They do n't have anything to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned entirely their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , women who had been previously <unk> sex .
I was driving on a <unk> stairs , which was given to this dirty basement , little fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in business , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where <unk> <unk> with their girls and children , some of them only seven -- and they 're forced to entertain the customers and they 're able to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of them is dark and dirty , identified by a number which painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their customers .
On the dark , I remember making sense of acute fear and , at that moment , I could barely imagine what 's supposed to be stuck in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I walked into .
There was no back door .
There were no big windows as to climb .
These people do n't have <unk> and , because we 're playing a very difficult subject , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people involved in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 people and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that often deals with your slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where whole whole families were working on the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
Little black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red .
<unk> <unk> in these great barrels and <unk> silk in liquid to elbows , but it stain it is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can be able to go out of this house someday and go to another place where you really get our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 kids together on Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we came up , I went to a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen who seemed to be a ship of fishermen , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their families that were sold , missing and forced to work on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This kid is eight years old .
When our boat came up with me , I was shaking , which was his little canoe .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water .
The branches of the trees plunged into Lake Volta 's often to catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many of you drown .
It 's always been forced to work on the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to flee and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , they <unk> the slaves younger under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they were out of the last few networks , but they had been working on the time .
In the cold and windy night .
And it turns out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a fishermen village .
I met him in a shelter where I was <unk> the <unk> ' victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who 's going to be because of someone decided to make a difference in your life ?
<unk> by a road in Ghana with <unk> <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his <unk> suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and touched the window .
We were asked to take it through a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the road , we would be able to get out of the car , and asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the road , this is the road . Go . ''
As we began to go down , we took the <unk> out of the road , and after walking around an hour , we found that the road was going to be stuck in the last rain , so I put the photos of the photos on my head as it was <unk> in these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended abruptly in a clear place , and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and they were all full of bonded workers .
A lot of women had kids tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked out in the throes of mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a hole in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump were placed in their own sweat .
I remember looking at her tired eyes , <unk> , because a lot of them had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy stone bags that then they 'll be shipped up to another area where they were <unk> the stone to get the gold .
In the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong , <unk> men , but , if we look closer , you see , we see other less fortunate , and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this <unk> will end up as this victim of tuberculosis and <unk> for mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When he died his father his uncle took him to work with him in mines .
When his uncle died , <unk> <unk> <unk> , to the <unk> of the uncle that force to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I 'd been working on the mines 14 , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that doctors said it should be missing .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and nevertheless , it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams with being liberated and educated , with local activists , like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a remote possibility , which gives me a lot of respect .
I want to shine a light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we will start testimony of them and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see ourselves as humans as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these so many beautiful people , I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images show up a force in who you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force turns out a fire , and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try to explain to you what I do .
The dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demands an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of skill , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease is gradually known as Parkinson 's doing with my friend Democratic friend <unk> that , in his time , it was a virtuous dancer of ballet .
In the last few years , it 's made a lot progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 're going to know if there really exists a cure when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of motion , and that 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that out of the clinical trials , they never do .
What if patients could do it at home ?
So that would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could get the test themselves ?
It would n't take staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in a neurological clinic .
So , what I want to propose to you as a really conventional form of trying , you see , in a sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration strings .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds , and we can imagine how a vocal ballet dancers , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training .
Let 's think about the time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal strings as vibrate , and as the Parkinson 's affecting the limbs , also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom , you can see an example of irregular <unk> of the vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
<unk> , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the <unk> clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . Both are using existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both accurate , OK , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
It 's very low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a low cost , it appears to massive scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the patient 's <unk> difficulties .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> .
With high frequency monitoring , we could get targets .
We could do massive <unk> <unk> for clinical trials , and , for the first time , we 're able to grow activities on a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm giving you today the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have accessible local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call it at low price and leave recordings for a pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal for only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , can you say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to get from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of <unk> data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking for the <unk> factors in search of real markers of disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what we 're going to do with the project , and now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little audience .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , I was doing <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We hide in the dark , rooms without windows , and generally we avoid sunlight .
We make patterns so thin , the perfect skin , the perfect skin we make the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are truly artists with talent with many years of experience and true taste by images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
So long after , an organization where it was voluntary , there were <unk> <unk> , who was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13th , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little <unk> town in the <unk> of <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first people that are affected by the wave .
The level of the recorded water took over 24 feet of height and over three kilometers inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We bring out of the rubble of the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools , we took the slime , and we left ready to be renovated and <unk> .
We took tons of dead , tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten factory .
We fell in and they loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and <unk> photos and camera cards and none .
Everybody did the same thing .
We 're going to take them to different places from the villages around to <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While he was running out of the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in an outdoor center of the village .
It helped clean the welfare toilets on the enormous , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place in the town , where the city 's center would pick up the photos .
And I had the honor there , and I had the honor that it day to be able to clean up with the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond horizons , but it was n't until beyond myself my horizons than something happened .
By looking at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , so some of them were still in the middle of the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started making pictures of the pictures .
This was the first one .
It was n't too frivolous , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to get it into a lot of precision and carefully .
In another way , that little girl would n't look like it itself , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over time over time , they got more lucky pictures , and they needed more than it is , I went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later , 80 people volunteered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people who are trying to join together .
In Japan , July , we mobilized <unk> , a neighboring village north of <unk> .
Once a week , we used our scanner in the libraries photographic libraries that had installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it took into <unk> is a different story , depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could be an hour . It could be a few weeks .
It could be months .
This <unk> had to draw pretty much hand by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had no destroyed .
I took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , and even with oil , all of it , with the time over time , and I continue to test it was an important part of the project .
We could n't make a picture of the picture unless I was clean , dry , and he had been appointed by his owner .
We were lucky enough with the janitors .
We have a guide from an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more of the photos .
As a <unk> once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures had been lucky to the photos .
He had started <unk> her , but he stopped realizing that the hurt even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and his face was n't able to rebuild , we were able to put the images into a single picture and tweaking the full picture .
When collected their pictures shared something of their story with us .
A few colleagues from her husband found the photos in a <unk> station in the rubble so far away from where she used to be his home , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the <unk> <unk> .
Their young children , not so small now , but their two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day he gave her his photos his little son was 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could do , something that he could remember from the past that would n't have been beaten by that day in March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined out there to grow hundreds of them helped us to clean up more than 135 photographs , the vast majority of the most of their owners , <unk> .
More than 500 volunteers from around the world helped us back to 90 families from totally <unk> and <unk> pictures .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 into teams and materials , most of the most women in printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , somebody loved it .
It 's <unk> of our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing we would take to look for .
So this was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , to bring back something , using their talent to something that are not very thin models of perfect skin .
To finish , I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy day I came back from Japan after six months .
As <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photograph with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathering around a baby , was moved to me , because a similar picture of my family 's family , my mother , I and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the entire world , in all of our basic needs , the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition in a single second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go over a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> -- a very quick technique that you can create video <unk> videos .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see behind corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without using X-rays , and really challenge the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it into a <unk> or a second , in a number of <unk> , to create a <unk> <unk> package of just a millimeter across a millimeter .
And that kind of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we took that bullet and this <unk> package and we shoot in this bottle , how do those photons spread inside this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- Remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't look at this research . There are a lot of things in this film , and we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , goes into the bottle with a little bit of photons that starts to cook and that , inside , starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the lid , and then they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a <unk> that bounces inside the inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the reflections of the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several pictures , that reflections are concentrate .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much think it would take us to sit on to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , all a year .
It would be a very boring movie in motion .
And what about trying to do with dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , just bright . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside , and it goes back after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phone , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
So what do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture at a low exhibition , it goes very little into light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so just to get into something of light .
We sent that bullet , that ring of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very energetic sync , and we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all these raw data , and it 's kind of interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future is allowed to see behind the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw something out of light on the door , you 're going to go into the room , one part is going to be going to the door , and from there to the camera .
We could get those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , there 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall there is a dummy and <unk> light in the door .
Then from the publication of our article in Nature .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to the distance .
And by projecting a laser , you can record a picture of gross , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that <unk> collisions with what 's next to the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> , like a new visualization mode to solve the problems of developing people in the next generation .
And as Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , became science in art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data we collected every time are not only for scientific visualizations .
We create a new form of computational photography with the slow motion and code of colors .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> <unk> .
But here 's also a fun thing .
If you look at the waves below the cover , you 're going out of us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . Einstein would have delighted to see this picture .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in front of the camera .
We have <unk> the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and you can change individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can have a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , move it into <unk> and make it famous .
All of this is possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to this time , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people have been looking for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all of these people gathered in search of a change , you had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who of them have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phone , <unk> !
<unk> . A Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile phone .
But I 'm going to talk about myself , my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> lines .
Data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission of the E.U . featured a directive .
The <unk> of data on data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile , where we are .
All this information is stored by at least six months , and until two years , in his phone company , or their Internet provider .
And all over Europe , he planted and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone drivers and the Internet providers stored all this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time that I use mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at the time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which I would take care of all the information that you had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , I want to have this information because you 're going to get my life .
So I decided to make a demand for court demand because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give you this information .
We signed an agreement .
And they would take the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> tribunal failed the <unk> for the German Act of the E.U .
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> <unk> of information .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a six months visualization of my life .
You can zoom out and move away , go back and forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> on a train , and how often I call it on the journey .
All of this is possible with this information .
That gives you a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one to the other , and we ended up with this great network of communications .
You can see how people communicate each other to what time they call each other , which time you sleep .
You can see this whole thing .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who you talk to who , who gives you a email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who was the leaders , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall is probably never happened .
And so , in a consequence , neither is the fall of <unk> .
Because today , state agencies , and companies want to store as much information on us as possible inside and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight over self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go back home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not last .
When you go home , tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what are they stored from you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remember you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me into the world .
I put my mom six times in six different directions , I 'll get to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to take it all over time .
Look .
It 's exhausting .
And Muhammad Al .
The P. C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> or it ca n't contract .
No one <unk> the uterus from my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they are .
It 's just going through accidents , like the one that happened to be born .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration . And I do n't want any of them .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they wish to be disabled .
Go out .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , drive in a little bit of parking and what you see ?
16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
Also , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and P. C. is just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of oppression . I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from Park <unk> , New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same early principles .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy , not walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can . You can . <unk> <unk> . ''
If my three <unk> sisters , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and it was <unk> that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top of the top of the top , we all had the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me to walk at the age of five to put my heel in his feet and just walk .
Another tactic I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that it was <unk> .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten I was walking like a boxing champion who had a boxing .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they continue to be all of the family , I think nobody realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate I hate Muslims . ''
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot that died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live in three full months without eating , so dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced up on Broadway .
Yeah , Broadway . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends friends wear heels , I also .
And when my friends , I was going to spend the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I would n't go .
I was spending my summers into a war zone , because my parents were worried that if we do n't go back to Palestine every summer , we were laughing at Madonna .
On summer vacation often , my father was drinking a deer , so I would drink a deer milk , put me hot cups on the back , I 'm going baby cups on the back , and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , it was a comedian in <unk> that I could n't stand up .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents had an idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for <unk> , University of Arizona , because I went into all the <unk> .
It was like <unk> pet in the theater department .
They all loved me .
I made all the tasks of the least intelligent , I took the maximum note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass zoo my teachers would disappear .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` In order to have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
At the end , free ! At the end .
Thank God all-powerful , I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> running the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , and I asked him why , and she told me that because they believe I could n't do the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't be the character . ''
It was a role for the fact that I was literally born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> story of <unk> actors without disabled papers .
When I graduated from , I went back home , and my first <unk> tour was as extra as extra on a soap .
My dream was true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` coworkers '' to `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , and I did n't see it more than the back of the back , and it was obvious to me that the <unk> , <unk> actresses , white actors .
You just get perfect people .
But there were some exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , Roseanne , <unk> , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour , I took comics famous from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that led when she fell at high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs , and also in Arabic , in the Middle East , without censorship and unfinished .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you 've never heard that little nasty sound that women say women are not fun , and they find us very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and to remind the people of the <unk> , which is <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
It was much easier to fight for the challenge of the challenge of disability .
My big opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the cable news program , has Keith <unk> .
I walked as if it was to a graduation dance , dragged me into a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
And I looked at the principal and said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I hold on on the desk of the speaker to not go rolling out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> it . I knew they would n't come back .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was just as a full-time participant and bashed my chair .
Something funny that I learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that children are cruel , but they 've never made me out of me and girl , and girl .
Suddenly , my disability in the Internet became playful .
I would see clips online , with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We really should pray for it . ''
A commentator might even add my rsum disability : <unk> , comedian , <unk> .
Disability is as visual as race .
If somebody in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you can not do somebody else in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yes , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that 's less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we need all the society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the amphetamines called Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act in a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I started `` Children 's children , '' a charity to give the kids to Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting live , and I do this talk to his memory .
Live in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a little boy in a small village .
I do n't know their name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small town in the South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives small people to poverty and on the brink of starvation .
Without anything to him , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , no work , no job perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day I read a man who offers him to have lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives it a break .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , to his family .
They present a young man .
Finally the house .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , it bursts a bomb .
That kid in that small town with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were the <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a young town , trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came .
This was the first thing that he got out of what we call the wait period .
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of marginalized the marginalized , young people who are riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , jobs , jobs , but young people are not involved in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often young people who have the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years old .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we 're not providing opportunities , the history of the waiting period , the door to access terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my city of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do nothing pretty much .
I went back last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital <unk> thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I had seen it forced to be in that same `` wait period ? ''
Would it have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juveniles to young leaders in a corporate pinnacle .
They went back to a few 90 <unk> leaders .
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at the University of <unk> , graduated .
I had no work , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , because she was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white target for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest barrier to get from point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed completely the road , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity , and I rose .
It started a motorcycle company .
It started <unk> in local residents who normally could n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand a hundred motorcycles for the next three years .
Why is it different from this story ?
What does this different story do ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
Let 's get young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping to train some of the young people on the top of business entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until he recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were going to be from sent from abroad .
If you gave someone , `` When was the last time you ate flowers fresh ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company from <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started to grow <unk> and <unk> , which he said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding , creating gardens in the homes , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , `` smell <unk> pink . ''
By the way , he 's not growing pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , which might be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
It will be corporate solutions to local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating an entrepreneurial spirit culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas true .
They need experience and guidance to guide them in the development and put on their business .
<unk> young people with the resources they need , they will support the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and they will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , will transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired the street children to help rent and keep motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralysis of the waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace than <unk> and waits .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in upstate New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was made as a <unk> , and not because of the way we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with sight to a beautiful lake lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed had a dump , from about four square feet with an apple hearts balls of aluminum paper , and old shoe .
And I was <unk> , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> who were too lazy as to take out what they had brought , who thought he was going to clean up their trash ?
That question went on with me , and it made a little simplified .
Who cleans our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where put in the `` ours , '' who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our trash , and about 11 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks , and I walked on the road , and I interviewed people in offices and I was interviewing people in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go more .
So I started working as a garbage box .
I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical ones and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevailing as you think , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had been working on it for several years , and their bodies kept taking place on the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage all the weeks .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Statistics <unk> , the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous ones in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering traffic all day , and they 're humming around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver 's not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall on the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never leaves coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It 's always supposed to be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
I think stigma is particularly ironic because I think stigma is particularly ironic , because I think strongly that waste costs are the most important labor of the city streets , for three reasons .
They 're the first surge of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in efficient and efficient way every day , this starts to <unk> out of their container and its dangers inherent in very real ways .
Disease that we had controlled for decades , and centuries come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have any space for the new thing that the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just stepped back to your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average , everyday average .
And with that , I mean , just at the speed of which I used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , nor would we save or take with us our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them together , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side to take away from it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the waste collection that might help reduce the stigma and get it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a way of relief .
The flow that they keep us except for ourselves , our own waste , our junk , and that flow has always to stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I 'd heard a doubling of a garbage collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son down and down the stairs running the stairs , and there was a man doing his journey from paper recycled as I did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for making his work that day in particular , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's go well .
We 're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that I started to investigate the waste collection and I went back to this man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together a lot of times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be good .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , which we think when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the entire nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one that will see somebody whose work is clean the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community of community where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of play .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> business center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run away . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are a lot of the city we realized that there are three important aspects to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores that people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy , because the crystal coating generates heat inside the inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , it looks like nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked up with the old marketplace that is this <unk> structure where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , a number of floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the survey , which is located in a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , linking all the inputs to the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium , which creates a <unk> space in the building that was <unk> , in its own form of sun and rain .
And around this space , we applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that 's similar to a <unk> <unk> shell to allow the air to be able to allow the air to the air , but in a way they filtered it .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons in the Ethiopians of the Ethiopians .
They have properties of fractal geometry and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces out of these little pieces that are going to leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This will be measured by these little colors of colors that used the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the mall , there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material in comparison with the glass , but also because it was no need to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power of energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we thought about the roof as a new public space with <unk> areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which is collected water for inner health .
It 's expected for the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of the building .
The second example is a master 's master plan and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project big , the biggest thing I have designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention in <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve dozen access wall with almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets , creating 12 early building blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected with straight lines , and this changes the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best guidance for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's the reason that it creates a heat difference between both sides of the house and so much natural ventilation .
So we would make a framework that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then on the ground floor , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set a greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the ground .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
The ceiling , which is my favorite space of the project , almost as giving the community to community occupied by building .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and make such activities like running a <unk> career in the morning or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes to the communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had huge amounts of very bright hair and a little bit of pencil , cute little crayons . It was super strong for capital of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister plan .
One day I left a time after the school exit . It was a little late and hid in the girls ' room .
When the coast was <unk> , I walked out , I walked into the classroom , I took off the table of my grades on grades .
And then , I did .
<unk> grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I set back the book to the drawer . But to see , some of my other classmates had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put every rows of <unk> and myself a row of this way , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why they never caught me .
It 's all <unk> .
I never discovered .
But above all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for <unk> .
I 'm going to have jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies have jealousy .
Also primates . Birds are very prone to .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that we saw loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory that jealousy in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if you did n't have jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would be no dispute about <unk> , there would be no `` Odyssey . ''
I would n't have king or a few nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
I put up the lists of reading school lists , because we would be missing `` Noise and <unk> , '' there 's no `` Gatsby Gatsby '' `` Party , '' `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust ; I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , it 's almost all of them .
This year they get 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of lost time , '' the longest study of sexual jealousy , and also of the ordinary competitiveness of sexual jealousy , mine , everything that we could have , and thinking about Proust Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forget how hard that image is .
We forget how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're doing so well together , the novel and jealousy , the jealousy and Proust jealousy .
It 's going to be very obvious as the jealousy , which you reduce to the person , to their wish , to their impediments , are a very solid narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly how much detail to include the knife , right ?
<unk> do all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And you start to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that you 're able to get detected in their lover , he adds it to his collection of torture 's instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust corners would have to abandon the country , if they wanted to break it out .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard work , right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's an emotion that is hungry . You need to power it .
And how are the jealousy ones ?
The jealousy of the information is <unk> .
<unk> use the details .
You like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute little stick of pencils .
The jealousy of the photos were <unk> .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links to the language of jealousy .
When <unk> is in the agony of jealousy , he 's soon listening behind the gates and <unk> the servants of their lover , then defending those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy , they look at <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but at its point , they 're search for knowledge , search for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust Proust is , the more painful the truth , better .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways toward Proust wisdom .
He says , `` One woman to whom we need , that makes us suffer , causes us a range of much deeper and vital feelings than a wise man that can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy will reveal ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion called us <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at is so peculiar ?
Freud would write about this later .
And one day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was <unk> .
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get into what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he was doing his wife , without realizing , behaviors .
Would you get too much ? Or just accidentally , would be <unk> with a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the unconscious of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
The novels describe very well how jealousy they do to look at intensity , but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous is , the more we become residents in fantasy .
And because of this reason , I think , jealousy , they 're taking us to make violent , or illegal acts .
jealousy , they drive us to behave differently .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at eight years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan of 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook that would send <unk> , horrible to herself , for a year .
For one year , every year .
She was trying to lie to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when I was , I reacted with admiration .
Because let 's be realistic .
How big , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange , brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , it can be remembered in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going to <unk> or want what you 've got to <unk> your self and <unk> from what you ever have , and you 're under the floor . <unk> your rings , it takes your rings , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We can not take a <unk> route .
I can not give you all around the world , as much as sometimes I wanted .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the way out ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to Baker Street from Baker Street , and ask yourself , by Uncle Holmes .
Now , when people think about Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always got a little bit of a <unk> <unk> , the head of the rat <unk> <unk> 's head , which she needs desperately , needs fusion genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and it would be <unk> with bitterness , each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> of <unk> '' , once Huxley comes , he <unk> everyone with his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in Historic <unk> that I did n't want to shake my hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes was in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Martin is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if the jealousy are actually a matter of geometry , just a question of where we have to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the excellence of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
There 's only the fiction to jealousy the jealousy .
He used the fiction alone , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the moon by Apollo 11 and went down on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface surface , the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization in the American history of America .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 businesses , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew one .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men traveled to the moon .
Twelve walked on its surface , of which they were born after death of Armstrong last year , is now the oldest man .
So why did they go ?
They did n't put a lot of a turn : 300 pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the smallness and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is , because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the Kennedy words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why do we turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why scale the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would fly over the Atlantic ?
Why is he playing Rice versus Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the West of the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was the question of transcendence in the technology of the technology .
They were because it was great power to do it .
The landing on the moon came in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> , and the smallpox was eliminated .
Technology seemed to have what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> <unk> . ''
During most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew flew 10 miles away .
From 1970 , no human has come back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism of the power of technology has evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that the <unk> technology as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 <unk> .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that you wo n't look at the escape tube that 's called the rocket Saturn .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last right mission , but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars .
So that from `` Something happened to our ability to solve technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It seems like the technologists were empowered us and had enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sales .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies than the ones that are <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty , in concrete , the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of ideas that are driven by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
<unk> mostly what goes wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak without worrying about risk , small investments , lower investments of those who could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term , has never invested in development of technologies that are intended to solve big problems because they do n't have any commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would take a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we can not solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption is from sources of renewable energy , like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternatives that can compete at the price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , technologists , businesspeople and economists agree on what political practices and treaties is the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an American energy policy or the international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology , they 're not going to be .
We know that famines are a result of failure in the level of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the food distribution .
Technology can actually improve things like crop crops or systems for storage , but there will be famines while there are bad governments .
Finally , the big problems in times would make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the war in 1971 in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
<unk> problems are hard .
It 's not true that we can not solve the problems with technology .
We can , and we must , but these four elements have been here : The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it must really be a technological problem ; and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does it work with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition as in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who 's going to be difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like that of exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we are not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become a <unk> of our society .
I think they 're three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more trust .
And the third one is one task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I will bow down to think that it may have dropped in some activities or institutions , and that it could have grown up in others .
I do n't have it clear .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at polls over time , there 's no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were born 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , continue to find the same distrust .
And the people who were very confident about 20 years ago are still quite reliable , and judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But is this enough evidence ?
What the opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people believe when they do certain questions .
Trust yourself in politicians ? Trust us ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` <unk> in the <unk> ?
Did you get on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ?
I probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in other people not . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to put trust in a separate form .
We do n't assume that the trust level we 're going to feel for a certain kind of officer , officer or a person , it 's going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain master teacher who I know to give you the class class , but somehow to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend 's most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've obtained those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why we do all that knowledge when we think of trust in more abstract form ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust , because they try to attract the good judgment to the fact of trusting something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
I think it 's a stupid goal .
That 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would start to have more confidence in what it is confident , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were taking their savings with very rightly rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Now that 's sitting , or diagnosed with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , yes , yes , it 's worth , yes , it means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about is making a judgment of how trustworthy people are in certain aspects .
And I think that to be able to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in existing commodity , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trust in it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but they do n't get into them to take a letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're looking at their own skills .
And I 'm happy to say that I think I do n't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't notice .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before you trust .
The confidence is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professional and officials , and so on , that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once he was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes more time to make administrative paperwork that attend childbirth itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public life , and institutional and institutional lives , that the system of accountability that is destined to ensure the trustworthiness and the evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is it 's hard to work for the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , we 're going to make the boxes , '' as we say .
You 're sure all of you who have similar examples .
Everything , for the target .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we were trying to be worthy of trust and <unk> people that are reliable , and if we were trying to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the trial , simple actions , attitudes , which is not done properly .
Third , the task .
Let 's rebuild the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to contribute to <unk> tests that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks , says I can return them without giving any explanations .
I take them and give me the money back , or change it by the color that I want .
That 's great . I 'm confident in them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other side , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you have trust in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not really hard to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working hard to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been slowing down , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that goes into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to electricity .
Designers can put their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So with this tool , it break barriers .
But both hands still remain on the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands ?
In the <unk> division of Science , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
And so , by using a transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can now lift the hands of the keyboard , get into the inside of 3D space , and grab a pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and the archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book , and you can highlight lines , or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down to every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we are walking in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us will have bought and <unk> things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about it .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> online .
This is the vision you get from a <unk> device on your head or translucent when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would you be a future like this ?
In the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my fellow <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaves like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was flip the gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation , mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can come back and reproduce , and they 're forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically , and at the distance , and the famous famous shot from Michael Jordan can be able to reproduce as a physical reality the times we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real , palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating than changing the computer physics is to imagine how to program the world will change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to make it out of our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was going to become a welder for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to teach a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After the Cultural Revolution , they believed firmly that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe and good job .
No matter whether the work would like it or not .
But my dream was a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and a radio show .
But no adult would get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
My friends were supportive , but they were kids , no authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew that it was too much older to train .
My dream will never work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness is the only thing you might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another calling .
Nobody around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> books .
[ `` Feel <unk> . '' ) [ `` The <unk> of History '' ] ( <unk> de History .
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about life Chinese Chinese .
And it 's not wise propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's take a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what students in China learn .
Never had happened to me , China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
<unk> reading is not new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There are <unk> research fields as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if reading comparative reading worked to research , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people [ `` Benjamin Franklin ' '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams , '' they were involved in an event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty . Interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Path of <unk> Tzu '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The road of the <unk> , '' Alan <unk> ] instead of missing in translation , found that you can make a lot of her .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' literally means `` quick joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' directionality .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel like it alone or powerless .
Having a broken sleep really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place of the dreams , where the passion comes from , where the happiness comes from .
Even a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's thanks to books , which I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So , books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a medical student in psychology clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex .
Alex came into the first session , using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw her on the couch in my office , took his shoes out , told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class partner had a <unk> .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy just to move the head while we 'll make the solution .
Narrator : The 1930s is the new 20 , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work after , go home after , you have kids later , until the death happens later .
Now , <unk> and I had a lot of time .
But soon after , my supervisor pushed me to push me to Alex that would talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under the category , and he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not like he 's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor <unk> said , `` No , but maybe they marry the next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what was used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex were a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , families and future <unk> .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think that no one gets to adulthood without spending before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a feedstock , you 're taking off sleep a cliff , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , the truth is really matter .
This is not just my view . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be going to 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Ah ha , '' which gives your life to have been past to be 30 and so many .
Now , people over 40 , do n't come in panic .
This audience is going to be good , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live or coming out with their future couple to 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up their second and final rate of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now it 's time to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to their top to 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the moment to educate her body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which its daily and ordinary life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't often hear is that there 's something called an adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what you 're listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the time line of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
So journalists would have ridiculous names to <unk> like <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality that actually is the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard <unk> said that to achieve big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you give her <unk> at the head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing 's wrong .
And then every day , smart and daughters , like you or girls come to my office and say something like this , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship is n't a good time . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are in <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of chairs .
And they were all running down , but then at some point at some point about 30 , the music turned off , and they all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stay standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's a huge amount of pressure at 30 , and so many of you start a career , pick a city , pick a mate , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that starts to show , that 's much more difficult and stressful to do everything once to the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing that you ca n't have the career you want now .
You know , you know , you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give her brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I 'm sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what they 're doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At the age of 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or in entertainment , but you still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend , which was more temperament that ambition .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , his previous life had even more difficult .
<unk> often in our sessions , but then he was getting up herself to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got her head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just bought a new book for him , and I 'd spent all the morning <unk> with her many contacts , but then you 've been looking at empty space that follows after the words `` emergency case , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of cancer ? ''
At that time , I had a lot of work to resist and not to say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew that this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma happened in front of Emma .
So over the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that every year , man or woman deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma , who would be forgotten about that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that will add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what they want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now is the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm <unk> the exploration that I should not tell , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell .
Second , I said to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you at the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds are limited to who know who you know , how they know , how they think , how they 're talking , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person with whom to come out almost always comes from its closest circle .
The new things come from what they call the weak ties of friends from their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or not work .
But the other half no , and the weak ties are the form of <unk> to this group .
Half of the jobs created they never have been published , then knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's science of how information happens .
Last but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know their friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as he was growing , Emma would soon tell her family when he has a couple and form his own family .
I said to Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live in right now , or you 're going to tell you now when all on Facebook begin to walk into the altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional in love as you 're in the work .
<unk> your family must be aware of who and what they want instead of just making it work , or killing time with whoever the choice to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked through that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in a museum of art in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That job offer gave a reason to leave the boyfriend to be alive .
Now , five years later , it 's special events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , loves her new family , and I send out a letter that said , `` Now the emergency rooms spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that they go out of the Los Angeles airport , which comes out somewhere in the west .
Just before the rise , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 and even 29 , a good conversation , a good conversation , a good TED Talk , can have huge effects in the next few years or even over the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I have the privilege of telling <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't let define what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding your life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very demanding job at management consulting for a job that was even more demanding : the faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade schools in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied testing and testing .
I gave them assignments .
When the work comes back , they 're going to take grades .
What I called the attention was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have scores of I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest children was n't doing so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in seventh grade mathematics , safe , are hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a <unk> .
But these concepts are not impossible , and it was so convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure best way .
But what if you 're successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn differently , easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults at all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's got successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the American Academy West <unk> .
We 're trying to predict what we 're going to do about military training , and who would be <unk> .
We went to the National National <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were going to do as far as possible in competition .
We studied professors and working in neighborhoods , and they 're really difficult , who teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those , who will be the most effective in improving their students ' learning outcomes ?
Do we associate with private companies , asking them , what are marketers going to keep their job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature like an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health , and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Determination is clinging to their future , day after day , not just a week , not just a month , but for years and working really hard to make that future .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying purpose in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students that did my determination questionnaires , and then I waited about more than a year to see who would be pregnant .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduation , even when I pushed them into every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even safety that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the <unk> National <unk> , where the determination is , it 's also in school , especially for children at risk .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know the science of developing science .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic for work ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who do n't just go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , the commonly determination is not related or is even related to inversely of talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain , and it 's growing in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get it when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech is , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going to get rid of this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China .
In the last few years , I 've been asking myself if I can bring down this wall , so whoever you want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each character from every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understanding the basic idea of the web pages or newspapers .
Today I 'll start eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it 's a square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a ride .
<unk> .
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I were screaming differently , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is <unk> from the form of it , but I like to believe it 's the other way . The one that will work .
This is a tree .
There tree tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks for a lot more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` go . ''
As the ancient adage , two are a company , three are crowd .
If one person stretch your arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is pretty stupid .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the Moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
One door . Put a board inside the door , is the <unk> of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
Did you have someone at home ?
This person is hidden out of a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , take care of them , so carefully .
So we 've already spent about 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn about a Chinese age .
So after I know the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a fire of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the world 's land .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in this China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> will take their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become a step out .
A mouth that tells you to go out is a way out .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be Dad is movies that I came to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my children -- when my daughter was four , we saw the magician 's magician together .
The film mastered its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave her a good excuse to wear a bright dress and bring a magic wand and take a magic wand .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We 're now living and raising our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood impaired .
However , the magician 's magician was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , curiously , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy and a <unk> guy who was dressed in a girl who would dresses himself as the enemy 's guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between Oz 's magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician 's magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple apple .
But I believe that if the Oz magician is doing today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy were predicted .
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies from the evil evil evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from Oz 's magician is that the most heroic characters , wise and even bats are women .
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
It 's three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight had gone down , so slid in the room , and he was impressed as a mom with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but they do n't think he understood everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should the sense that Luke is an army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's compare this to the magician 's magician .
How do I win his movie ?
They 're doing good jobs with each and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow over Oz , according to it , and not a world of men who fight , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force , F , force in movies for our children , and so little of the yellow bricks path ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I 've not read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know that the princess <unk> does n't provide the right framework I had served to navigate the world of adults who are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why stand there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are a lot of exceptions , and to defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they are , they 're not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend girls in the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , and so real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being a war movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues appearing in classic after classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a little girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these movies happens to prove it .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's not yet roots , and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of films that they saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's only three questions that you must do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character than the lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Your conversations are about something else as they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about each other .
It 's happening . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the movies we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , <unk> success , a sense of consensus about what is a Hollywood Hollywood film .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage crisis .
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding spot , and it 's the great time for one of the success to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , from 100 more popular films , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a larger number that 's going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it has been sexually assaulted in their life .
I do n't think it 's the guilt of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are tightly linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sex perpetrators .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do you do n't learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence , and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't speak ?
We are <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to make it <unk> .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that to help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> , if , at the same time , active or passively passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've been read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was her favorite character of Star Wars , you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What are these two ?
Maybe it 's not just bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which I tell my son : Go and struggle with and more stories where he saw their work is to join a team , perhaps a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would give you luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I used to use them .
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things in a love of the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 1.3 miles of length with the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we can see when we use infrared .
This is a place in the East Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in simple sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing are the actual chemical changes in the landscape of the landscape of construction and activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for more than 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that I was located there somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , put them into the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge range of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six to six miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , he moved on to this and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city nearby in a large landscape ?
I 'll try to find random to chance that would be the equivalent of the equivalent of a haystack in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA comes from NASA to make a map of place , with very subtle changes .
We could see where the Nile is .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sampling jobs ; you can see here .
When I say sampling , it 's like you 're showing on ice shows , but instead of climate change layers , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down below a thick mud layer , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation several hundred years that date out of the Middle Empire , exactly the same period as we think it 's <unk> .
We also found the jobs of <unk> -- <unk> , quartz and cat , which proves that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry Empire the Middle Empire , these are the stones they used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data of the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We did n't find yet <unk> here , but we will go back to the place in a near future to localize it .
Even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably was written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks like , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top .
You certainly put the pursuit of marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside the door of <unk> home .
I would like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that 's made .
Now we 're going to take a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they go into your front door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
They collide against the door of your house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on to the side , the other side of the wheels they end up in <unk> places -- <unk> the door threshold .
To the lobby , in the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and notice the quality of light . The light shines on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by spinning your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie and you 're going to be about to get into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and enter his living room .
Already in the room , and making use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his middle table , singing `` <unk> '' One More Time app .
Now follow me in the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path , and from the oven come to you Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> your hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I was going to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , hoping , I guess , this would be like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few different ages and different ages of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them once .
It took the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
<unk> whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize the order of a cards of cards of cards .
And I thought , `` This is amazing . ''
These people must be nature of nature .
And I started talking with some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and who has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the very techniques that used Cicero to memorize their narratives , and that academics academics were used for entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do you have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of a crank , said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorize the order in a living deck of living in national television .
I 'll prove that to the world anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start by something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it 's sometimes not working , and what the potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . He 's based on the role of Dustin Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We went on an afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was smashed .
And when I came back , a number of treaties on writing about writing about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time where this idea of having trained , disciplined memory , which was n't one thing as rare as it can be like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They have been culturally changed , and I would say that they have changed us as well .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems like we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last few places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of a <unk> , disciplined memory that 's so unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there are skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College in London invited a bunch of memory champions in the lab .
You wanted to know : Is it having brains in some ways , structural or <unk> of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are you more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was actually a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control of control of control of control .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains while they 're looking at numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , the brain champions -- parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation involved .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The competitive memorizing tournament is driven as an armed career where each year has a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors should get on a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of cards who he 's about to try and memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented , and he was only mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> digits .
At half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , it 's absolutely all the techniques that they used to do at the end is just a single concept that psychologists call `` <unk> <unk> . ''
It illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> '' paradox . I tell two people to remember the same word : I tell two people to remember the same word .
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told her name is Baker is likely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember , that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
So with all the other memories that dance on his head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know <unk> .
They use <unk> hats .
They have flour in your hands .
They get back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when I came up with that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> at some point later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data two years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the palace of memory .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> who attended a meal .
They had hired like entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you 're not brought to a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , he <unk> her memory poem , and she left , and so soon it was , the inner-city classroom collapsed .
We killing them all .
But not only killed everybody , but shattered the bodies , they were terrified .
No one could tell who there was , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
And so you could n't get the bodies .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes in his mind , I could see where I had been sitting every guest .
I took the relatives of my hand <unk> to where their loved ones were amongst the rubble .
What you 've been asked at the time is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial space .
If you were to tell me that I became the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I would bet I would bet if you would tell you to say who I was sitting on the <unk> horse , they would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and image of images with the things that you want to remember : the more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make a talk and want to do memory , in the same way that would have done it if you 've invited it to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine they 're at the door of your house .
And it came up with some kind of ridiculous , <unk> , crazy image to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine getting into your house , and you can see the <unk> of the <unk> mounted tape .
And that will remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth subject that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
So this is how speakers Roman <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to be confused , but typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek <unk> , which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about him and in the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first place '' would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something large about this competitive <unk> subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on testing . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone comes across the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in his place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook bought in a marketplace of <unk> .
And I discovered that this was kind of fun .
I would never expect it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it 's really about doing is to improve more and more to imagine the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked on a lot of this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security goggles leaving tape leaving two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something that I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute being able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks . <unk> that work .
Because they 're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to put away from memory or <unk> memorize cards , and to benefit from a little bit of insights on how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories will educate .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
Let us think about it when we focus deeply .
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of us are not <unk> around .
But the reality is that there is no shortcuts .
That 's how things make memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose out of what is already our short <unk> , on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side . We 're so <unk> that we do n't even think about processing deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person who remembers .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we 're going to make it a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from Jersey , I was six and I lived there in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom , and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there everybody was spending time watching TV . So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , everyone would see me , and every time I got wet and I wrapped up in a towel , you all see me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , I hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , no division of zones , but of those <unk> connections , emotional , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we 're feeling that way , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency spends 90 percent of their time under roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time we 're surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what raises you to think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they 're like this because we 're based on a building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in the U.S. , we use it to build houses .
Look , these <unk> , these were stable , solid , in front of the elements , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a lot of time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use the shapes that you know that they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was done in 2004 , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that they leave <unk> what it was trying to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , I ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of libraries are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects constantly drive new technologies , new directions , new solutions for life forms of life .
<unk> , we gave them so much , that we get completely away from people .
Now , all of the black , you get bored . You think we feel really good , but we 're dead because we have no choice .
We have to go to the other side and get back to those symbols in the other side .
So we 're doing it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy to experiment , we do swing the pendulum forward , over and over and again , so we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with it called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with the concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , at scale scale .
Something really very hard .
So we 're approaching 80 , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
You put the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that you like and <unk> them .
We added neon and added to bake new materials .
They love it .
We do n't have <unk> .
We took cabinets of <unk> and convert them into skyscrapers , which can be routinely castles facts made of glass .
<unk> shapes , you won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But it was 80 , that was great .
We all spent the time in commercial malls , we move to neighborhoods , and there in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , to the French , or the Italian .
Maybe with an infinite number of bread .
This is what happens with <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
So architects are frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the 1980s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves in new compositions , and we find a little bit of ways that will be implanted against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; it 's totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building has fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics , in general , were completely agreed about a building .
The New York Times newspaper <unk> this miracle building .
The tourism in Bilbao grew in a 2,500 thousand percent when they ended the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media was being supported around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
They did the main mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon at the beginning of the new millennium , went with other star architects .
And I went to affluence and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the line of the new millennium , actually started to happen with the whole architecture , digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
The transportation is speeding up : you can take a boat , an airplane , you can be a ride .
Technology speeding up . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond the physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't be accurate enough to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know if that he designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find ourselves with buildings like this .
The <unk> was n't a two-year-old movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the most revolution of the most revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media , it starts to swing it faster and faster , until you 're at both extremes , almost in simultaneous , and actually <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
We can now make symbols of almost <unk> , with emotional charge of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked like the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being only a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but that has changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is building today , we 're looking for the Internet to look for `` new libraries . ''
I would be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that they can lead to the mayor of <unk> , to the <unk> people , and tell them that there 's no single answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This solutions of solutions gives freedom to experiment .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience who does n't support something that I have n't seen before .
The architects can listen , and you 're not allowed to intimidate for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> of something else , of a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in tomorrow will be very different at today 's buildings .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the extent of modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of the red brick on the basis of what it should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be transferred to the whims of nature and not to the contrary .
This means that a parking garage in Miami , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even one can marry there at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River of New York , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a client alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little <unk> pavilion , so muscular and <unk> like the animals you 're looking at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make more ecological , smarter and gentler buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
Buildings are not only reflecting our society , but they shape the smallest spaces : local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the end of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and he already started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror .
She actually loves his reflection .
They laughed and <unk> , and it gives themselves those big kisses and there .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of your friends do this and my mom realize I used to do this , and I thought , `` When do you stop doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , he 's 13 , and he lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be darling and fit .
He 's Sunday at night .
He 's preparing for the next week in school .
He 's got a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells you it 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends , or partners in school tell him , he does n't know who to believe .
So a video of it itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks others that please let a comment , `` Am I beautiful or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal , current teenager , which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it bringing them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , saying , `` I like this , '' by talking , sharing , publishing , publishing .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous , instantaneous way , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in her room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that you go from the hand with that are cold .
This environment , of being connected , is attached to our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no division between one life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what real or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what 's normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for the inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
Like those of the superhero stars , and the singers .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our children to grow healthy , and be very <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to look , at all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects start to suffer .
Six out of 10 girls do n't do something because they think they do n't see pretty enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and as taxpayers and working developing society .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to engage in arguments in the classroom , because they do n't want to call attention by their physical appearance .
One out of five , you 're not attending classes at all over the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you see enough enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your fellow partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it goes regardless of what they actually weigh these young people .
So , to get clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not what you 're really .
The low self-esteem on your body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're involved in healthier diet that can take them into a food mess .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them , and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we thought that 's all of this because of what they make more flawed decisions , like alcohol and drugs , dramatic molecular surgery , aesthetic surgery , sex relationships , early ages and without protection and damage .
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or do n't have higher rates of lower rates .
17 percent of women are not presented to an interview interview in a day where they do n't feel secure as you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
We 're interested in this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , I do n't just take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in your own body .
We need to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there 's a lot of programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very impressed when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make the situation better .
So , we need to make sure that the program is following our children not only will have a positive impact , but also lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are starting to be critical starting to provide education in your body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but to address this problem requires each of us to take the driver in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
It challenging the current status of the women , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the input of our politicians on cutting hair or the size of their breasts , or to notice that purpose or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging the people so they are , not as you see .
All of us can begin by making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you 're looking at a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , like governments and as governments , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to valuing their individual , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are really making the difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them those things that go out on the big screen because we 'll create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe that they 're never seen <unk> who are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who do you have in mind ?
Her wife ?
Your sister ?
Her daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
Could it be just the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if she was liberated from that voice , was released inside the inside , which haunts you not to have long legs , thighs , a little flatter , a smaller , smaller belly .
What would it mean for her , if we were to do this , and would you raise their potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us to everybody .
But let our children have the truth .
It will argue that the way you see you is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and why they make us feel .
<unk> self-esteem in those schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of today , are becoming an agents of insurance change in themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
The five of November 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meir <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense League .
At least they were initially declared innocent , but I was imprisoned by other minor charges , in each other , started plotting to the attacks of 12 of New York City , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans was driven by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb from 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't help prevent it .
And later , he would be convicted of the involvement in that attack .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , master school , the two made all possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , come to know .
And I saw that when people take time to interact with , it does n't require a lot to wish the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are being destroyed by their convictions that thinks that you have to use all the means that they 're all possible for everybody to live like them .
A few months before he was arrest with me and explained to me that in the last weekend , he and some friends , had been going to shoot shooting at Long Island to practice .
He said that I would go with him the next day .
We came to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I hit my father , my father helped me hold on the rifle on the shoulder and explained how to point at the target at about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot was given to the little orange light on the target , and , to surprise all of me , all the target broke out on fire .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
Everybody , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they thought was so funny .
You see in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
These people later they would be condemned by putting up a <unk> of 700 pounds of explosives in the Northern Trade Center in the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to a uncle .
When I was 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did not make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable with someone was already a moment of pack and going to another city .
As it was always me the new face of the class , I often was a <unk> victim .
My identity will avoid secret to avoid being the white , but to be the new one of the class , silent and <unk> , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent in my house reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't develop social skills , to put it gently down under <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
It was opera raised to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators like race or your religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that I test my thinking was , it was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program I was involved in the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group would be stuck in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I was feeling a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys we had done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days out to light this detail , and I realized that there was no <unk> between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud to beat the barrier that my whole life had made me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial time came when I got a summer job in Bush Bush , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most enjoyable and less critics I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy for others , but it was n't easy for me to treat a kind of kind of kind of kind of nice , just as I would have wish to be treated .
And so , I could contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how it is to be homosexual , but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helped to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my perfect figure at a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Occasionally , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless textbooks and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep that hate in your interior .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why would I go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done this because I hope that somebody , one day , who 's going to take you to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way . That even though I 'm going to get rid of this violent ideology , I did n't get to make myself a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , I 'll speak , against those <unk> acts , like rejection to my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I 'm here as a proof that violence is not inherent to religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an incredible film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
You feel your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a moments of your childhood you project to your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your <unk> stream , the subject of experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know most directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness .
I 'm not sure that you are conscious .
<unk> is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are n't we just the robots that we 're getting to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
The psychology of objectively helpful behavior , neuroscience was studying human brains , but nobody did n't mention consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's time for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work on consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of science science in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to their conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel happy or feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work in neuroscience responds some questions that we want consciousness to explain , and questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate is .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , not based on the real mystery of this matter : Why do every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the traffic jam , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all emerging behaviors , how hurricanes work , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , how they reproduce , adapt and metabolize living organisms , all questions about how it works .
So that could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk , how we 're playing chess ; all of them are questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is all kinds of behavior accompanied with an subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a real heart materialistic .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was hitting the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But eventually I got to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a wonderful chain of a wonderful , great explanations . We get used to this -- the physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is kind of an anomaly , something that we need to bring to our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first , crazy things before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there 's no hard problem with consciousness .
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you have to do , it 's to explain objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's what it is studies that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a <unk> theory of consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to just denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time that remains , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We have fundamental laws that govern govern , like gravity 's laws or quantum mechanics .
These fundamental laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything most basic .
Instead , they think of themselves fundamental , and that 's where the world is constructed .
Sometimes the list is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you can not explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton -- so applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then because of the logic , there 's the list .
The most natural one would be conducting consciousness as a fundamental brick , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens the way to fix scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
physicists are sometimes saying that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can abandon them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can abandon them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we look for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : <unk> for everyone , `` <unk> '' for the mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with heartbreak when they think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , that 's not .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some very primal precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did somebody think so crazy ?
In part , it comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , as space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that we 're going to do with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is consciousness .
<unk> of complex <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
Simple information , simple consciousness .
Something really exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of information , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a half a means of information integration , just as significant as a pretty significant awareness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> goes down .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero .
In the <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
It was actually a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that the <unk> can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire go out of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that he puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to make our relationship with nature , and can have a pretty serious social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything to have consciousness , then I should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think this is , this tends to transform your views , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral care , is not both the fact that the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of information , she has a complicated , integrated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems on the ethic of intelligent computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for full collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk -- right now we have a TED awareness , an internal film for this whole whole TED group , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you should take seriously .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
Actually , I 'm more confident of the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , that the second is universal .
So vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how these little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path towards a serious awareness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 're going to be able to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea right now .
Thank you .
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I joined my friends , I would marry my sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to interview them for a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's pretty nice , but there 's a clear problem .
She 's actually not achieved anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile in my mom 's hair , and spent a lot of time looking at the series of `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered to be a achievement if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of teaching at a high school school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes at the class of 11 , a guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when are you going to give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What 's a speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of <unk> for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom of acts . ''
And it was then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabilities as inspiration as inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not blame for the boy , it 's true , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , and I 'm on this stage , which I do in this wheelchair , and you 're probably waiting for them to inspire them . Right ?
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid we 're really afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've been lied to disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital cap , a capital M .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not bad , and it does n't make you exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media media .
You might have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl without the hands of drawing with a pencil for the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which is what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term porn term , because we 're going to give a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to engage the disabled people in the benefit of people without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , we will motivate them to be able to look at them and think , `` Well , so bad for my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that they 've been asking me strange <unk> to express that I 'm a brave or an inspiration , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was like I 'm getting up in the morning and remembering my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images are affecting people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled person is actually something hard .
It will be some things .
But the things we do n't know are the things that you can think of .
It 's not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to tell you the so-called social model of disability , which tells us we are more disabled because of the society that we live in that because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very flattered to him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to get the best of their ability like you , and that 's what happens with the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies getting the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to get it in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration , '' it says as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
And I think this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue sheets to pick up the things that go down to me , I think , you know , the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery from the mobile phone battery on the chair .
Great .
We learn from force and resilience from others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that we 're going to get into and <unk> .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold to us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's a lie because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in a tube that has n't made it happen to be a ramp .
Never : <unk> on a television screen will not come up with the subtitles for deaf people .
It 's also not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and it creates a positive attitude to turn all those books on the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be on a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're being able to stand up with the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a 11 boy in Melbourne in Melbourne in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think about it , it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without a load ?
Unfortunately , today I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please , do n't get rid of .
When people think of augmented reality , they think of `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality change our lives both as the Internet and cell phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to figure it out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and know what 's going to run by the game camp at 160 miles an hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds <unk> us , trying to do it with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's nothing pleasant .
And I 'm going to take a few videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the hull , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the emerging technology is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
One moment . It 's a little bit .
Are they ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have noticed that there are people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> from field : Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
They want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , being their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and Twitter : `` You can see from the angle of a field of field .
or a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go full of it , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which probably many of you already know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Oh !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster argue by his life .
What would be the experience of a fan when you put a video from Adrian <unk> across the line , throw away from an arm with the arm before they run and do an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I can be able to run away by the court , launching the ball on the bottom of the network ? Or let 's do a step in Wimbledon ?
What is your experience when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe they 'd get sales of her diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
We augmented reality when coaches , <unk> and owners to see information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they 're always using technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> gave a <unk> to their field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , more quickly .
In 1994 , NFL radios put radios on the field of <unk> and then on the defenses of the defenses .
They were more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next step in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
Or they memorize the strategy .
They just go into the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate losing parties .
If you lose party games like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a problem manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the high people that are down .
You also get information from the headset and <unk> , something that 's already working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
Now , the good teams will know it .
Bad will have information overload .
So this will get the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being for nerds .
Are they also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're <unk> .
Let 's take the ball and get it out .
It 's an open receiver . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left of your bombsight , you tell you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> , and normally , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system tells you .
Let 's go back to the area of protection .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receiver .
<unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land . However , the receiver sees in its bombsight , an area of grass lights and it can modify the race .
He 's approaching , he catches the ball , it runs and forth .
The public and the fans have been followed by the end of each angle .
This is something that creates mass emotion in the game .
I 'm going to do that lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth <unk> .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology worth a teacher in the classroom trying to show you how harmful their actions are their actions from the victim perspective ?
How much is this technology worth of a gay person in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is it being haunted ?
How much is it worth whether it 's a garage <unk> or an Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of short-term and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions we do , the decisions we make and the challenges that we face , depend on , as always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years old , I had the <unk> end of the southern end of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known globally for its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer head to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much evidence of suicide .
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from Egypt , over 1600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will lead to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , so that each of it releases you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that pass below your soul .
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After one every free four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which are <unk> vital organs .
Most people die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually <unk> in the water helpless , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the fact that the suicide method is going to realize the death method they 're going to face .
This is the cable .
Except about the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people are for before they take life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darker time , it 's very hard to bring you back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy we had successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who <unk> suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train new officials .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met the 22 of July 22 , last year to get a call from a possible subject sitting on the cord near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I watched Jason talking with a official Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was just 32 years old , and he had flown until here from New Jersey .
In fact , they had flown up to here twice before from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , I asked if we knew the history of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could even Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out pests , sorrows , all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
A few weeks ago , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind of kind of kind of <unk> , New Jersey , New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how it was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The bad suicide damage affects lots of people .
Now , I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or a loved person was suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What do we say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to speak , but you have to listen .
Listening to understanding .
<unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think that someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and asking the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other circumstances have thought about ending your life ; have you had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save the life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs look for : hopelessness , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to be better ; they 're going to be better , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , recent social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you his letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and I blessing that I read them .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience there .
I 'm thinking that I should go up the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing most moments of realizing that Mike will not come home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the introduction of the 49 with his father in January 19th .
It never came there .
I called the <unk> police police and reported that that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down in the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to <unk> the afternoon before the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without suffering from real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with her .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
<unk> , the Golden Bridge Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> .
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the road that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I 'm talking with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible <unk> <unk> on the sidewalk tower near the north tower .
I led my bike down the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed the railing immediately , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
Over the hour and a half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his account that day back on that lane and giving her another opportunity .
When Kevin went , <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he made you go back and gave the hope to the other opportunity ? ''
And you know what he said ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You leave me talking and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it to you .
`` Dear Sir , nothing erase the events on March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us .
I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It has been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been correctly <unk> .
I brought Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits , but , thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
I 'm <unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General Hospital at San Francisco that night , you 're going to get the patient .
`` Well I know what I had to do . ''
Today , Kevin is an loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather committed suicide with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , robbery , a chance to meet me .
This is what suicide does .
For most people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think of harm to another person .
They just want your own pain .
Typically , this is done only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or the death .
In my career , I 've said , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who was talking about an hour .
During that time , I would get my hand on three times .
At the end note , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people we get to contact with that bridge is not killing themselves .
In addition , those who have jumped from the bridge and lived in and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they leave the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect to <unk> in San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge we do , is something that every single one of us should be used to do .
suicide can be prevented .
There are help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world does what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you 're , and a question question : How do you become ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , somehow I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved sleep that I had had since a little girl .
My outside was finally held with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complex reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you 've got it <unk> , you get it , you get it .
But last October , I discovered that barely , I 'm starting .
We 're all affecting our families , our religion , our society , our time in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who always defy the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my friends , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember that at my five years in the Philippines , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then <unk> .
The gender has always been considered a unchanging fact , but we now know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'll never tell you my story , not because I thought I 'm being bad , but how the world comes to those of us who want to get free .
And I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , Dad and a family that I 'm just like .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's an Indian god , the <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines of the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when she was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if I was involved in her spending , she was going to be engaged with astronauts and costume . And that night , I won a bathing suit , I won , and she was third finalist , and she was third two thousand candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was a queen 's beauty of transgender women , but I know .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me , and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live to the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called it , and he said , `` You know , if you made an American officer , you can change your name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to listen to .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I walked in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand do the most <unk> , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the U.S. , it was necessary to be done by surgery before the name and gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and `` F . ''
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity , identity , means being able to drive or get a drink , but for me was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears were watched .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who was living in life , but that , <unk> , he made her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
Now , all 20 of November we do a global vigil for the <unk> <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long history of people who were going to go and stand in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Arnold .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that some day there 's no longer than 20 of November November .
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am .
Will you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . KT MA : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You 'll see , first , thank you with all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , especially to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to young young women , who I 've been calling , and sometimes , when they were called me and told me that his parents could not accept it . I took the phone , she would call my mom and say , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , all of us were assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is to put on the table that some times that was not block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be room for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In a lot of patriarchal and tribal societies , parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started their campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when they were <unk> their efforts in 2011 , by <unk> the National National Law Prize , it became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of the injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when they 're born a little girl , his birth is not celebrates .
It 's not welcome , not for his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives her <unk> to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother gets overwhelmed by having a little girl .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , they were <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter -- the newborn daughter born , when he grows , he suffers .
When I was five years old , when I should go to school , she stays home and school admits of his brothers .
Up to age 12 , in a way , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move around the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , he promised him to go out of his house without a male companion .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and her brothers and her family , and if they were to <unk> the code of that honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , not only affects the life of a girl , also affects the life of the male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of her life and the happiness of her sisters in the name of the honor of the honor .
And there 's a rule of more patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
Now , a good girl must be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
He 's supposed to be silent and to support their father 's decisions and their mother and choices of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like it or whether they marry an old man , she has to accept it , because it does n't want to be <unk> .
If you marry it very young , it has to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet : `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson as opposed to his daughter and the same lesson to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when <unk> were born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated by a legendary <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , I plotted a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might ask , why should I mention the admission to a school in a school ?
Yes , I have to mention .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you 'd be surprised , two weeks before , when we were trying to get the Canadian visa form , and he was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I was never seen the names of my sisters writing in no document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters or his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
He 's going to sit down with me when my friends came to me .
He encouraged me to go with different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to get into her personality .
And this was not just for her , just to make it <unk> .
I 've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , forgetting the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all of political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
Girls banned them to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silent , <unk> girls and singers .
<unk> millions , but a few of them talked about , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and poke when you talk about their rights .
It 's really scary .
At the age of 10 , I <unk> up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a daily basis for the BBC blog , he offered her same for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> like a <unk> across the world .
And that was the reason the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and October nine of 2012 , he was shot in his head .
It was a day for my family and to me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered back to the ear to my wife , `` Should I blame my daughter for my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , do n't get to me .
We 're going to get the right cause .
<unk> your life in play because of the truth of the truth , because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and she joined you .
Both were on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words were going to be a lot for me , and I did n't ask again .
When <unk> was in the hospital , and he had severe pains and strong headaches , because her facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was attached to my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile , <unk> and <unk> on my face .
I 'll get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was an comfort for us , and we 're going to get distracted .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like every 16-year-old girl .
He cries out when he does n't end .
He 's fights with their siblings , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold to get so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I tell you , I 'm not wondering what I did .
Let 's get what I did n't .
I did n't cut her wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was living in the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group , from Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my charge -- the <unk> of Google visualization , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I join Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Are you being the same as smart or not ?
It 's not going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if they did n't take anything , he would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get it , to follow life .
More than one time I 've saved myself .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would do it to try to get the <unk> doses , because it really does n't exist a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was amazed by looking at how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose of <unk> and chemicals for a <unk> man , and I was amazed by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , a lot of times in the past , I 've known a number of guys like this , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , so insecure , to fix a problem that I had in front of it , and it just does n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
It changed my doses .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation for men and about what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , I was to restore my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my point of key reference : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to have new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> as <unk> , Descartes and Hobbes , see things like this .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people asking this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . It 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm going to find the right point , and I have a lot of great mind <unk> mental , really <unk> , good sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how I 'm going to get these mental images from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use her imagination just to steer the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups in neuroscience .
And both used MRI technology , an image of functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his fellow Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual while I imagined , looking at that same picture .
The column on the right of the right is established on the content of the central column of the left of the left , and you see that the difference is almost 2,000 .
This <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same picture is almost a bit .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were being completed to create a great reaction pool of brain reactions to the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as a new scan was going on .
The computer , using just the brain data of it scanning to show what seemed like the person was watching .
On the right you can see the computer maker , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This blew us said .
We 're pretty close to doing it .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same picture , you create in the brain the same map .
This led to the most available brain scan systems that are available today , and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do that .
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offering myself to that .
Many of you are proposing new <unk> techniques , even me . Tell them with the recent result of the MRI , first we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is bigger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> , they only offer small improvements in resolution , it does n't increase by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : rather than bigger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like doing a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in the MRI were to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and <unk> sets of FM radio in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , use <unk> patterns structured at the frequencies of FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the FM processing processing patterns , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then split into layers our growing knowledge of brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the <unk> blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep .
We are able to make our ideas directly into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without the filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible use as a tool for amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and disease .
We have a few more choices to open up this door .
Anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just from the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Her closet may be saying to some person for the first time he loves him or saying to someone who 's pregnant , or telling someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through life .
Now , this is a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it should happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through various phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't get my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And to be followed by the <unk> of my short pants , and I 'd put my head up and I 'd ask myself , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And he would have awkward silence at the table .
I put my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with one of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to go through it .
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where a child was between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
He would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready and I was about to get out of the female affairs on the table , and I had the dates of Betty <unk> .
Gloria dates .
Even a little bit of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that would show .
And then I took a deep breath , and I went down and my back and my back , a pink girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a girl with a question , `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I got a little bit of a lot of a bit of a lot of it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something really confusing .
I have the short hair of a kid , and I saw a kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple , and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was it . Just `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both of them were honest with the other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived on some strategies in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But within , in the dark , you ca n't know what color the walls are .
You only know how one feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet was harder than coming out of his , but this is the issue : The hard thing is not about relative .
<unk> is hard .
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who have declared them in a broken bank , it 's harder than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five-year-old that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We have to stop creating what 's hard about what 's hard to do about what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should just feel empathy because we all live something that 's hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live on closets , and they may make security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years .
I had a horse line , a dress and a high heel shoe .
It was n't militant lesbian ready to fight for any child 's four years old walking into the coffee .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and the move only muscle is just as scary you ever had .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do not disappointed , and now the world was turning around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed , but if you do n't release that grenade , I will kill you .
One of my sister 's tosses was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew it was gay , and by doing my lady 's <unk> <unk> , in my black dress and a heels , I walked around the tables and eventually got to one where my parents ' friends were , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Are you ever in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my rib Antonio ?
It 's very good and never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace ?
And do you know who love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite .
And then a woman , puzzling , but in wait I 'm desperately holding her support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally he said <unk> , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at the time , as you have all the grenades launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but to work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still without my strong point .
Ask anyone who I have out there .
But I 'm getting better , and I keep what I like to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what 's going on is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
Take your armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , the other ones must be able to know we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just <unk> your patches .
If you know they 're gay , <unk> .
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay , they 'll keep the hope that that might change .
They will not give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most important -- let 's get complex .
You communicate their truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of you can get out of sure , let 's get sure they 've done , but I 'll never feel sorry for what they are .
And yeah , maybe some of you may feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find yourself in a dark hand , a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they can feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> , which `` if a machine can think , it 's as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's go back to a step .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , who do n't know any of the biology on Earth or the neuroscience of Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know about it , that has no idea about Earth 's intelligence , it would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , until a certain time in time , the asteroids that we put on the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , to a single underlying underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be , carefully carefully , for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for development of universal states that <unk> the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in robotic motion planning , there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the robots ' skills to maximize the future freedom of action with order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> them together , I asked , for several years , there 's an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping choices open , with a diversity T , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an imminent future , looking at it .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to stay stuck .
Frugal intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices .
And so , having in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How little predictive is that ?
Do you get the level of human intelligence ?
Did you have artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life should have <unk> conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence does a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy , but actually emerges directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that it can be found within .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of humans , and even make money by trading actions , all of it without being told that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a <unk> of foot without falling fall , here we see balancing balancing automatically , a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He simply decided to balance the post .
This ability to balance the applications for humanoid robotics and technology technologies .
This ability to use tools in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , like some other animals , they can cooperate pulling opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can do a version of that task version .
This ability to cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable applicable into a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a real playful game against itself , providing their potential for play .
Here we see <unk> simulating new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> ability also has applications in health care , energy care .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend globally from Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable applicable in defense issues , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> to discover and execute a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of stock of actions , successfully increasing the assets under its exponentially management .
These risk management ability to have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors , such as tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term I use the term `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you 're looking at intelligent machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines go against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
It 's not that machines first become intelligent and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of all possible futures is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important implication is the pursuit of the target .
I 'm often asked , `` How is it that we 're looking for goals from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the stars of the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge of how you fit the Earth into the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to that Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their star star .
We 're really helping us to understand whether these planets are small and submerged as the Earth 's land of our solar system , and also the amount of light that gets from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of these potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and ice ice that have been with us since over millennia now are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused on a global scale have dramatically surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a science scientist , no astronomer .
I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as a very interested in the search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look at planets like the Earth , rather enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially habitable world , which is by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' track their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that are orbiting it , as the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its Goldilocks atmosphere .
private companies now offer not just a short space flight , but also the copious possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all of these images will remind us of our planet 's deserts , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and groundbreaking ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places that are really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen by our rainforests and thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this enthusiasm for the colonization of Mars and other planets will move to a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some that Mars would expect out there to save this inevitability of the only planet that we know that 's truly habitable , the Earth .
And so I like to like the interplanetary exploration , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity , it 's like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell you that the real party was going to have place later on the boats stolen . Thank you .
But the targets for interplanetary exploration and land preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world , it looks like thirtieth aliens .
Just get closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi 's paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi Enrico asked : I realized that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider keeping living in the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're developing this development .
It 's <unk> to think that only the interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together .
If we actually believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments to Mars for the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even more easy to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'm making my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window in the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend 's friend 's friend to spend night because he had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and I 'd come back from my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but surely not more expensive than a <unk> <unk> night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was going to be standing right .
I 'm a neuroscientist to a profession , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate , <unk> the adrenaline levels , and put it into thinking .
And when I got to the firing counter at the airport , I realized I had no passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in his place , which would make bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you would notice the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month after my thoughts , I did n't get involved .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , and a little embarrassed he talked about I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I 'd been practicing something called hindsight <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come out and try to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , like Danny 's called Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you about is some of the things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with obvious .
In the house , a place for things that are lost easily .
This sounds kind of common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good thing is , where the fish are , which lies the <unk> trees , where tribes are living and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> into the London <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask someone actually did the experiment , they cut out the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they could still find their nuts .
They were n't using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys from car , reading and passports .
So in the house , you put a place for the keys , a hook on the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For his passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading goggles , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place and they 're <unk> with it , your things are always going to be there when you 're looking for .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit card , your credit card , drive , passport , <unk> by email themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , it can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and thinking .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we 're not at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's maybe no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is going to be <unk> as a whole making of medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you would have to take out of a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol result is a little bit . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack on heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have a high cholesterol thought of the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard of <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most nerdy drugs in the world today , and you 're even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , I 'm going to get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that 's supposed to be asking for most doctors , and they do n't want to talk , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or have a surgery in any medical procedure before they help one person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor would n't get me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not blame for the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's the scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number need to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before a person ?
300 .
This according to the research researchers research <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I personally explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke , or another leaked event .
Now you might think , `` Well , a chance in 300 of you down my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you 've got to ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Yeah ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include these terrible things : debilitating , and articulate pain , your GI pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to me , still taking the medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember that under stress you do n't think clearly .
So , think about how you can do this with time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 , have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you the drug .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
What medical ethics requires , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number you need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more done in the older men in the older men , the number of cancer , the number need to deal with is 49 .
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness , or erectile dysfunction , incontinence <unk> , ecology , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just <unk> one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about time before the questions that you can argue , we 'll get the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice a lot of times , you want a shorter life in pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change in the heat of the time , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases low stress , one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
<unk> face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido , or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things , they do n't react to the speed of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical logical thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail instead of when .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize the harm , or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place .
<unk> at night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor set up to me a lock of combination along the door , with a key way to the entrance door in the same way , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of mail you 've not read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm getting it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , <unk> , is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play faster .
Two <unk> , even <unk> .
Four . ' I 'm extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands of thousands and thousands of thousands of '' may have , never <unk> silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the past decade in 1800 , and over time , it mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we now know as <unk> .
So , it 's about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a person who 's who who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a overseas country , tracking their rules , customs , behaviors and norms of <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify the sound .
I learn and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much noise when you eat the bag of chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure you do n't have any <unk> in the dish . ''
All of this is called sound tag .
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for some of the sound that you 're going to come next .
Hence this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see the <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines are already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the mathematics culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , I 'm going to do this with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I 've only got four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I 'd worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend , and that 's what I really called it ...
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to happen to me more than art ?
I realized it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it does n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it in a touch way , or it would experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all they had taught me in the sound , I decided to leave it , and I decided to leave it .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was a listener of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get to myself and my artistic work , or I could empower myself .
I chose to get rid of it .
There 's a massive culture around language spoken .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society , it 's like I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me as well and become my voice .
And so I 'm able to be relevant in the current society .
So in school , in the workplace and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I borrow their voices , I 'm able to borrow a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I wo n't continue with this practice , I feel like I could get it in oblivion and not have any social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was amazed by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and to express fully on the paper .
And the same can be said to a concept in <unk> .
The two are very , very , very , highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as signals like sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> are divided into many different parameters .
If you make a different parameter for each finger while you get the piano , like facial expression , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of your hand and so , as you get to the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get a key to the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear or idea in <unk> .
If just a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing is happening with music in terms of tone and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , they 're able to express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' signal .
This is the `` <unk> '' signal .
I 'm seeing you .
Stand away .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at it through the music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign and you 'll get it back and again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and puts it .
This is `` all day . ''
If you cut it down , it feels like the speed , visually , looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same can be said , `` Every night . ''
`` Every night . ''
This is all night in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` Every night . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time expressed time in <unk> and how the distance to the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is , `` It 's a long time . ''
Then , `` Last . '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea at time , `` There was once . ''
`` Common time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically at `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face ] : <unk> , flashlight , a flashlight ) [ In my chest , E , flashlight a flashlight ] I 'm going to show you a way of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All the hands in high hands .
Now we 're going to do so much in the head like the chest , something like common time , or at the same time .
Yes , very good .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the languages of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job all .
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They 're all going on your head and your chest , but they bring very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> has no sounds , automatically has no social value .
We have to start questioning what social value is and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step for a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> , not to hear music to learn .
The <unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say , `` You can do everything , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence of innocence , or a ignorance bubble , I should say , because the adults would lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
As I get older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning the others .
Now , I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in the Hong Kong school in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait for a lot of my students to walk on the beach room with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't get it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those bits of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put it into this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So with my students , with age six to 15 , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this coffee table with <unk> , so that the kids too quickly can participate .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of the fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure out what we hope to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
Then we created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that ended up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that will be moving through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating floating through the sensor as the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I had this invention step on a website for the inventors of this called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone else gets more positive .
The cool thing in this project is that students saw a local problem , and bang , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are really informed kids .
You see the news , they look at the Internet , and you get stuck with this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , only using the hands , in <unk> , the largest <unk> forest in Bangladesh .
They were really surprised because this is the water they drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a galaxy that can fire through all sorts of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor , and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help the other children .
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance , and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little bit further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French half French and maybe remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it emerged several giant waves , called tsunamis , and these tsunamis destroyed various cities on the east coast of Japan .
Over 14 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fukushima , a nuclear power center .
And today , according to the reports , an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution from <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's probably safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year since the crash and research independent with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the children .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed to .
But each night we reported to the center of control -- here 's the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did , because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Along with them , we discussed the data that day and talk about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and jeans water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust came up from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest nuclear expedition to date .
We zoom in to a mile of nuclear power , and with the fishermen of fishermen , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a <unk> tracking of sediment that we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies and very simple .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating , because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even begun to try to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to make all these things .
So the classroom became a little so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the larger space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the Hong Kong center , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optical , basically , you can build almost all over there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adult help , and where adults can be once again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked questions like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help with the advanced population mobility , transforming their standard wheels into new electric vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and the <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation for the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel , the other one of a silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is imposes on the environment , the other creates .
One is designed by nature , the other for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble , he saw a figure that struggles to be free .
The <unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smaller units of life , cells , we took all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find out of smooth material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The <unk> of the back are thicker with little pores .
You act mainly as the filter , the other mainly as a filter , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually its functionality by variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect to work on the moment between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , shows in both screens behind me .
My job , in its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and closer to growth .
You probably wonder : Why now ?
Why could n't it be possible 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special time in history , a rare moment , where you have four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools and tools through scales , large-scale structures , like this robotic arm with a power base that some day not very far far away from printing whole buildings -- and graphics on the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that glow in the dark .
So here we have <unk> the pedestrian , an archetype of ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each opening is largely unique to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> , and it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with a <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and spray between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high resolution of resolution and synthetic instruments , allowing to design products that are broken not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a kind of structural chair , comfortable and also absorb sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , becomes <unk> .
<unk> this surface of 44 different properties that vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , as in nature , changes its functionality , not by the addition of another material or another assembly , but we 're continuously going to engage the material property .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Any parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible stories , and one of them was left , and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God leads to the Earth to grow a tree with fruit . ''
For that first tree <unk> , there would be no difference between the trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
All the tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made it growing trees with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask , `` What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune in their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of <unk> of shrimp , <unk> and produced toothpaste .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
In order to print structures at a large scale , it was built up a system , with multiple nozzles , controlled destruction .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material only three feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it stops them dry in order to find a natural shape with the air .
So why do we continue designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first appeared on the planet 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Along with our collaborators at Harvard , and MIT , we were using these genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh problem , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A tree <unk> <unk> .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of <unk> in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for biodegrade objects , jobs in the sea , <unk> the marine life , and put them on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own elements out of elements : new forms of life created symbolic , man-made form and generating biological form .
I like to think about synthetic biology as the alchemy of liquid alchemy , just that instead of <unk> metals , new brand new biological capabilities within very small channels .
This field is called soils .
Let 's get our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , we combined two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One becomes light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
To hold these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like digestive tract , which will help that flow flow flow and get them to adjust their function .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , including the properties of the material 's material as the functionality wish .
If we wanted to more photosynthesis , we have more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when you stretch one end up to another , 70 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our thin intestine .
And here it is , like we 're going to call it at TED , our first wearable <unk> , bright liquids channels with life within clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we would fill our skin , do it destroy damaged tissue and get our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do this .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does that by combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is glue , or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first goes into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to <unk> a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that they would have a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we found that the shape , the composition of cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
You often get the silk worms to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid of it and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape stark silk without boiling a cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climb this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk templates , and we put it into our site .
We knew that silk worms go into more dark and dark areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms over the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We prescribe silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after you feed it four weeks , they were prepared with us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they 're <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is great integrity , and it was right .
By <unk> biological silk on silk <unk> , they give this entire pavilion of the integrity .
And in short , more than two or three weeks , 4,000 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions in the world .
A <unk> silk using a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings surrounding us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers must bring these two visions in the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , that brings us from a design inspired by nature to a nature of inspired by the design of us , for the first time , that we 're taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you ever asked you , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when they asked them for the first time ?
They can stick with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
It has caused them some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and the kill and the art and around websites , and I was playing the guitar in a punk punk called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard of us .
And generally , I like to try and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to sit on it , and I 'm going to leave you on it , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again , this point where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to get into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and <unk> them .
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this , and something bad about me is not going to get out of anything .
I was worried about having a fear of commitment , or to be dispersed , or to <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to get then asked .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned , they learned about culture .
The question is , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to trigger nice answers in children like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to take a step suit here .
So this question is done again and again as we grow from different forms , the dreaming , example , high school students are asked to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be bigger ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of the before what 's going to take us out of sleep .
Why ?
Now , if this question inspire children to dream of what might be , not inspires to dream all that might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even if adults well-intentioned and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be artisan of violins and psychologist psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's artisan of violins and <unk> .
And Amy Ng , editor of looking at <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something that I 'm going to do during their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're someone who is not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that show up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like one in that framework .
And so you can feel like it .
You can feel like it does n't have a target .
And I feel like there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath to say .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms , which is going to take the same idea as scholar , <unk> .
During the age of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was good at multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
You 'll get any term you like or make yourself yourself .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one single identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressing their shared interests in cartography , data , travel , math and design , and I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And <unk> them , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is very fast learning .
When we <unk> ourselves into something , we 're going to do that .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , for having been many times in the past , and this means that we have less afraid to try new things and get out of our comfort spots .
Many skills are attributed to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new zone that we 're going to get forward , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a full-time writer and a writer .
As a child a child has an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before she turned into a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the mechanics of sales when I was starting their practices , and this ability to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're drawn to , even if at the end of the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have foreseen .
The third <unk> superpower is the adaptability . I mean , the ability to turn into anything you need to be needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other <unk> designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because he can take different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
Cancer Company defines adaptability as the most important skill of development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that are able to help us to meet the needs of the market , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could be lost if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster them to make them themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need <unk> creative thinkers to face them .
Let 's say they 're , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly by knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and <unk> offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all have to design lives and careers that we 're connected with the way we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to <unk> them largely , they are encouraging them to just be more like their specialized partners .
I once said that , if there 's one thing that you 're going to take away from this talk , I hope that 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to take care of all media .
That 's where you will give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including the ones that you 've just realized about being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , let 's take a lot of passions .
Follow their curiosity by those <unk> .
You get the intersections .
It brings us our inner wiring into a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> led to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> , I did n't know how to help <unk> , but they would get through it until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found weird plates , and he found out in the <unk> brain , of a guy that had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If we could have been alive today , we could n't give her more help that the one that <unk> gave him ethically years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call disease disease .
From 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs to HIV , <unk> for <unk> and more .
But it 's been moved into Alzheimer 's treatment .
I am part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's , for a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimers now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , to include many of you .
If you expect to live to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's disease is almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the probability that you spend their years to be there with Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or be dear to Alzheimer 's .
Only in the U.S. care cost about 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's the most expensive disease now , and its costs required a five-year increase in 2050 , as we get older the generation of the booms .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little about <unk> .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death worldwide , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less than the Alzheimer 's disease , because we spend less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times longer every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but the whole world should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last few years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think that it will be embedded in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a aging brain in comparison with the patient 's brain to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleashed a loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused significantly reducing life expectancy , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and double strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know they 're made of proteins molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are <unk> .
And when it folds up well , these would be the vibrating dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of the sticky dots stay outside .
Now , this makes the protein molecules stick together , forming groups that can form big plates and this is it .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and the identification of what we would block is complex , like deciding a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step of it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , in the most part , the wires have reduced and waited the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that stick into each other , like in humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they are clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and living a normal life .
This is just a positive outcome , but the research like this show that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After texting , there are real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But in order to grow that hope , overcome Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to <unk> that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can get it back .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have headline the most research and <unk> pressure on governments , drug industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move into HIV at the end of the 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , their loved ones , day of loved ones and night , are often too expensive to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimers is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change they need for themselves .
<unk> talking for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and in my own experience to try it myself a night last night .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers together to make 36 questions increasingly personal , and then they both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 're going to go to another person ?
And just ?
We 've agreed to be moving down , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- this really likes -- Tell your partner , what like he like him or she -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've ever met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later , and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but from then , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , with someone who I knew not particularly very well , I did n't expect to get it .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the spinal cord for the few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : Are they still ?
And the reason I think this is asking for this is because I 've done this question over and over in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
One week before the article was released , it was very nervous .
I 'd been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred seen as a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be about thousands of views .
And that came up with a very new burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he gave , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night at night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had called the Show today Show and Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , a little bit prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster confidence by writing about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people were called or writing , what they did every day for weeks , always , they were doing the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase : `` You still follow together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international day , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the scale of the answer .
And the 36 questions seemed to have their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's <unk> , who included readers of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very confined to my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I had television interviews , and refused to orders for the photos of us two .
I think I was afraid to become in the icons of <unk> in the <unk> process , a range of a range that I was n't feeling at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know just if the study worked , they wanted to know if the study worked , whether it was , if I was able to produce enduring love , not only one adventure , but real love , enduring love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people made the wrong question .
How do we do if we would follow together or not , and then tell them ?
If the answer was no , would the experience of doing these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not producing romantic love .
Instead of that , I was looking for interpersonal approach to college students , using what Aron was called <unk> and progressive and mutual staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were more close to doing it . Several later studies later used the <unk> <unk> protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction among strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and the community , and they used it among people of the opposite political ideologies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and she said to me , and I tried the studio , I tried the studio and did n't work .
He looked curious about it .
And I said , `` You mean , you 're going to get rid of the person who did you ? ''
So he paused .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But became better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they did better know better than test the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think that 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the studio for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really hard separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was mostly my entire adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or she could live without it .
So I moved into science .
I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that could sort of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just tried to do this for the book that I was writing , in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if they built me with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see myself more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than that will be reasonably allowed to demand me .
What I 'm looking for is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The story that the media told the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something at implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love to make us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story of the story that asks : still follow together ?
And their content with an <unk> response .
So more than a question , would we propose that we make more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do we know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt from your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So if you want the brief version of my relationship history , it 's this one , a known year ago , and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : `` Love did n't happen .
They fell in love in love because we took the choice to be .
And I 'm a little bit like reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , there was n't considered all the choice was supposed to be .
I did n't consider how many times you have to make that decision , and how much times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing that if he always chose me or not .
I want you to be enough , and answered 36 questions , having chosen to love somebody so generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity for choice to love somebody , and the hope that he also will love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a little bit of mountain in full mountain , and in a way , I got as a forest .
I had a time ago . Something that really affected me but more details later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I 'd put a dollar bill , a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strangers or a aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our species exchanging ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a given time , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from field and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took all the pages and I took all the pages , and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> , the style of resin , and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother has a fear of bees , and it 's <unk> it , so I put a little bit more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could get it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it just seemed to increase it , as if it was that you 're putting the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that was finding out the street , all I could find out , because I was looking for things , because I was looking for things my whole life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , draw the same thing that 's done around a <unk> .
And I took the objects up and created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , <unk> -- that you can get an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw on the resin .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was earning some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point , I became interested in the human form , and it 's <unk> sculptures with drawings of humans inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass skins , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window and another window , and I had all these windows together that are a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work will be done with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych , '' I was inspired by a large extent in `` The garden of delight '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of their time .
Well , `` triptych . '' <unk> this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It 's twice as long as 10 meters of composition .
It 's a bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animals are running between two worlds .
They 're going from the world of representation , to this <unk> mesh store where they hide .
This is where creatures with animals are headed to beacon , lists for suicide bombers in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the tourism platform of the <unk> <unk> , the <unk> of Osama bin Laden -- there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
But also , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological mythological being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand in which it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a proboscis , like a bird peak , and spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a 5.5 feet long tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail starts fire on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball , <unk> from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
That brings me to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and stuff , encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of an archive in a form of human being , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they get together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking years .
Each one is basically a <unk> microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on his chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can put the entry down .
I 'm going to join you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a rapid review of these works because I ca n't get it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and they 're communicating between the two .
There 's some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside my cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Sarcosuchus <unk> .
Inside this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a writer , a writer , a writer , a <unk> , a museum , a school , a publishing arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
It enters the box and all the people in the inside hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you employ who is and the box that is living .
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when it hurts your head ?
They take aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect on pain , first goes through the stomach , the guts and other organs .
I 'll take a pill , is the most effective , <unk> system so that any drug 's drug effect on the body .
The downside , however , is that when you put it into any drug , any drug will spread .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve the number of viruses in the blood , and it will increase the count of <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , in their most negative most negative , because in the time it took us to get into your blood stream , it will be <unk> , and even worse for the time it takes to get to its destination , which is where it 's more important : in the store of HIV .
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the blood stream of patients who are tested to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment disruption , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big issue of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a treatment of life managed by <unk> .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation amounts of drugs .
In fact , we 're now using laser pulses to open up or drill , extremely small holes , opening up and closing the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
And they ask the best , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser beam on the cell membrane infected with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell will absorb the drug at a matter of microseconds .
Before you even noticed , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , frees it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to maintain open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been looking at state armed groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They 're doing what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these agents of violence in violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to the confrontation nonviolent .
I do fieldwork in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups are key to solving almost every conflict in course , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , of the <unk> arrangements peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , and we have even to engage them or engage them in any resolution of successful conflicts .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what drives these organizations .
We know the reasons why they fight , how they 're doing it , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not armed with it .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
<unk> groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> against Israel , who was known for his violent arrest against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military system .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas -- met by suicide bombings against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We had a complex communication machinery : radio stations , television channels , websites online and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , print in English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups are also investing in a complex fundraising fund , but by doing business profitable , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups also do something more : create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , put in professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population to offering something that the state does n't give , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an torn broke by the war , or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS , can be understood also <unk> the efforts of these groups for security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a higher price for the population .
But in general , they provide social services , it means to fill in a vacuum , a self-regulating gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the Palestinian victory of 2006 the Palestinian Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
<unk> because they fill in the government gaps by government , and emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent fight and make governance .
And the more sophisticated and sophisticated organizations are these organizations , less we can <unk> as something else to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It 's part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states of <unk> nations and hybrids , and the weaker people are the states , like in the Middle East , more intervene and they fill that gap , the non-state actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in the military tools .
It 's <unk> that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important also to establish and that peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we 'll understand better what incentives offer to encourage the transition of violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , the military power can win some battles , but we will not give us peace and stability .
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum gap , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to take a lot of the feminist label that would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to get a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling me `` Bad <unk> . ''
So what started as a personal joke was meant to myself and a deliberate outlook , has become something bigger .
Let me give you a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had strange ideas about feminists , these <unk> women , angry with the men and hated sex , as if that was something wrong .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I had a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a kind of taboo , nasty word .
I 'm going to remind myself as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that female woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing , I started to accept that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They were doing the same wages for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have a right to use in a easy way and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without need for legislative controls or doctrines to <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about women 's needs , you have to have in account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and more .
We need to have in account these differences , and how they affect the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women and offends me deeply , the classic Salt `` Salt the yin Yang '' of yin yang is amazing .
`` Do reality with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , flip it , move it until the shell hurts . ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely immersed for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> care and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
<unk> from fashion magazines and pretty things .
I can look at `` The <unk> , '' and romantic comedy , and I have some absurd fantasies from the fairy tales that are actually made .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not the person to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
Let 's fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or floods historically the needs of color women , the workers and gay and transgendered women , straight and middle , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens : as a feminist , I feel so much pressure .
So we have this tendency to put leading feminists on a pedestal .
We 're hoping that we 're hoping to be perfection .
When we were <unk> , we retired with a lot of taste of the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider that pedestal before I try to get myself there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged like feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of what that means is that I 'm afraid to be able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Let 's take an example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In 2014 <unk> Music in 2014 , on MTV , protest in front of the word `` feminist , '' three feet tall .
It was a wonderful show , seeing this star of poo , embracing feminism and to know the women and the young men that being feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics began in the endless arguments if <unk> was or not feminist .
<unk> his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of a adulthood and grown woman .
<unk> perfection , because we 're still struggling with a lot , we want a lot , we need so damned damned .
We go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism , to hold the feminism of any woman , wreck until it 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our flaws to account , to go to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I listen to degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until they change change actually affecting their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does it have their music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice .
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great , brilliant , brilliant girls , and also very brave .
It 's where they were drawn to the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is within as much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is about sexual violence against women like sports , and we 'll get the Game of Thrones .
We can change radio cafe when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go into cinema elsewhere , when movies are not treating women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports professionals where athletes treat their peers as boxing sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish your magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until it does n't bring enough numbers of women , both to participate in the way to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also encourage being even more like we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision set .
Now , we 're not going to be <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , and our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and wait for our decisions to get to the top , people in the power of managers and film and music , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make big decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting and meaningful change .
We can also say with courage , our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` <unk> will be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially , because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few guys were telling me when I was very young , and I did n't know kids can do this to a girl .
They were treated as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to get my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm standing in a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the world about telling us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good feminist , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need to be able to be able to be able to be a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , we had children in California had measles had measles for having visited Disneyland or by being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in Quebec .
One of the <unk> things of this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal to a child with a long-lived immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had n't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that sparked the argument about autism and the <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
I do n't think most intelligent scientists have the theory that vaccines cause autism ?
I think most of you , you know , but millions of parents around the world continue to argue that vaccines will put in danger to their children of autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about her creating their professional life without seeing a single case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting at shooting .
<unk> companies like <unk> <unk> are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic , as if you could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Centers for Disease Control Center what 's going on , they tend to be based on sentences as `` extended diagnostic criteria , '' and `` a better detection of cases , '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate the fears of a young mother who 's looking for his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had a pit , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened to happen has less to do with slow progress and cautious of the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving hands at their faces , but they were prey from panic as when he did n't put their favorite toy in his standard place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome , while they 're sending references from places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
So , for example , we 're going to give you that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
I was once sure that he had become nine in every 10 children sent for other doctors to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept very carefully in a refrigerator that did n't go away .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that cluster together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the kids were just aware of what they had to have heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that the researchers started testing <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers was pretty stupid .
She and his husband John were warm , <unk> people , and they had a deep autistic daughter called the Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a child , like , without a support , without special education , and without access to other resources without diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
It 's a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What they saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't talk at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination with an astrophysicist , in the dinosaurs or on genealogy of <unk> .
In another way , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , <unk> squares , like Judith , and saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't anybody realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the cinders of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article in the competition , but I avoided him to mention mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it translated .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who was running an integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
<unk> ideas for teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with <unk> exercises , and the kids followed their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's as disabled disabilities of life required for support of support and tuned spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he took them to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them .
Basically , Asperger 's seen autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always been , looking at this continuum in archetypes of pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> teacher .
He was more there even to say , that for success in science and art , a hint of autism is essential .
<unk> , and Judith found that I was going to be wrong in the wrong fact that autism was <unk> , and so the parents were the causal .
Over the next few years , they worked with the American American Association to expand the criteria of diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
In the late '80s and early '90s and early '90s , their changes came into place , replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive type of Asperger .
These changes did n't fall into broken bag .
So , when <unk> and Judith worked on the counter to reform these criteria , people around the world will see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable acting acting performance , and the recognition for `` Rain Man , '' with four awards on the Academy of <unk> , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , they were introduced to the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I did n't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria , and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The number of diagnoses started lift , like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they were hoping that this was , getting people with autism and their families finally got their support and the services they deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame for the increase in diagnostics -- a simple , powerful , <unk> history , and <unk> history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum , they 're right , the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined together in the Internet to reject the idea that they 're going to solve for the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think of terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social circles , and it suffers from a attention deficit in detail .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most <unk> aspects of autism are found in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
